I kiss your eyes so they can say to me, "Good night!"
And that's understandable, your eyes are the same color.
Your eyes. Maurice was lucky.
While they're staring me in the eye.
You see, at first sight, there's a lack of issues or, if you want, philosophical reasoning...
Come here. Give me an eye pencil.
I'd like to talk to you in private later.
Look, there's an ambassador who's got his eye on this signora.
Close your eyes.
Tonight, this portrait will move its eyes.
It's the only way I can live and look into your loyal eyes without being ashamed.
- Blue eyes or black eyes?
Here's the car, here's the man, here's the eyes.
I can look at you with sorry eyes and say:
- Black hair, blonde eyes.
I can't be attractive with bags under my eyes.
And she's pinching her eyes.
What happened to your eye?
The feathers, the eyes...
This croupier has a bad eye.
Maybe the prisoner has a marked eye.
For three years, this guy's been staring at me and sleeping with me.
Get your eyes wet.
But you have to face the truth.
Your comrades steal coal, and I close my eyes to it.
Lydia turned her back, looked down and dived into...
And you're gonna need a woman who's gonna keep an eye on you.
Where's that glitter in the eyes that used to be?
The sun shines in your eyes, so you go into the shadows.
My friend Alain can't keep his eyes off you.
I was given the captain because I had an atom in my eye.
The intention to create a Christian family is the most worthy in the eyes of the church.
That was ridiculous! Old and ugly in black pussy, with their eyes sprained, ready to accept the torment.
She didn't play well, but she was adorable. Those black patches, those eyes, that skin! That breast!
Strange, does Don Diego always have this sad picture in front of his eyes? I wouldn't be surprised if Don Diego walks into his library once a year.
...if you burned your eyes, Dike.
He's not allowed to hurt me in front of the police.
Renzo! I don't remember the color of his eyes right now.
They usually close their eyes to it.
You see, I came back from the war a silly old man. - I wonder what happened to your eye.
- It's okay, I have one eye, one shoulder.
- Close your eyes. - Thank you.
Wait, don't open your eyes.
That's it, now you can open your eyes.
This bandage, is it supposed to be on this eye?
Look at these circles under your eyes.
Close your eyes, that's the eye.
Big, black, almond eyes.
Dirty old man, my eye!
Can your aunt wear a beard and an eye patch, and can she be called Lord X?
It's his umbrella, his eye patch and solitaire cards.
- I saw it with my own eyes.
Do all the doctor's orders and keep an eye on him... not for a second.
Such a sight is not for children's eyes.
Keep an eye on him, Maura.
Yeah... I can't believe it.
I looked him in the eye.
He has eyes, teeth, claws.
- He's gonna die in front of us!
That's how he spends money and ruines his eyes.
Your eyes have become so red.
But for the eyes...
You're gonna splash it in your eyes.
Sir? Why do you have damp eyes?
You have dark circles under your eyes.
I saw that she was sick, with her own eyes.
Sometimes I notice a feeling of sadness in the eyes of the opposite sex.
In my office, and you too, sharp eye.
In my dreams, he gives me $100 bills with tears in his eyes.
You have to face the truth.
"The sun hit him in the eye, "he remembered something that translated Martha.
"If you were staring at the sun and blinded not to blame the sun, but to your eyes."
I can't believe it.
- Yeah? I think I got something in my right eye.
Just an eye and nothing else.
And his eyes shine with the light of envy.
Renzo and Lucia got married, the joy in their eyes.
Your eyes have never burned so brightly, your movements have never been so filled with happiness.
Look how his eyes are burning.
And above the broad... smashing eyes."
You close your eyes and count to 10.
If death looks you in the eye, call me to help!
It doesn't mean you have to look at the world with their eyes, but remember, these are your friends and family, okay?
It was San Francisco, right in front of his eyes.
Now with your eyes closed.
I saw with my own eyes the way you dragged that poor girl before she was subjected to this terrible torture.
These eyes have seen so little.
My eyes are clear, my retina is clean, and my eye muscles are normal.
And you're a great doctor, you know what you're doing, but you only have two eyes.
Energy waves that affect your eyes.
Dr. ' Erfex, I'm working on a device that would help the human eye see waves of another length, including me gamma radiation.
These drops, if you bury them in the eyes, make them more sensitive.
And I'm extremely sensitive to the eyes.
My eyes are as good as mine.
Dr. Bran, he's gonna bury a drop in every eye.
- Okay. Open your eyes.
My eyes are capable of more.
- Uh, another drop in every eye.
In your eyes.
And your eyes...
- You have good eyes.
No, just my eyes.
This drug affects the eyes.
Look what he can do with his fantastic eyes!
Have you ever seen his eyes?
- just as many naked women as my poor eyes could see.
Then the opportunity to open your eyes.
At night, when they sleep I close my eyes and still see through the eyelids.
And get out of your sight.
Look at his eyes!
And I'm the great darkness that spreads far beyond the time of me... and behind this darkness, the light that shines and betrays me, and in the center of the universe of the eye... he sees everything.
And if your eye moves you to sin...
Get out of my sight, old lady.
- Yeah, you'll see it with your own eyes.
The creature opened his eyes.
My eyes told me what happened.
It was just like your eyes said.
Gentlemen, I open my eyes, and I see naked people. Completely naked people.
- You're not gonna like it in front of everyone.
Now you listen to me, you have no right... you have no right to treat me like that in everyone's eyes.
Oh, Great Spirit, fulfill our desire to be your ears and eyes among men and serve all our interests.
Sounds good, but I think we're gonna have to keep an eye on that couple!
But she got a little scared when the shoes disappeared in front of her. She went back to the ship for another couple.
He looked like a Norwegian, but only with crazy eyes.
Look into my eyes.
Look, her eyes are closed.
I'm gonna put my fingers down like this, and I'm gonna put them in the eye. So all these bottles don't get distracted.
Look at her eyes!
I saw it with my own eyes.
- But it's bothering you!
When Umberto fell, it got dark in my eyes.
And today, your eyes are so sad... I'm sure there's some kind of trouble, isn't there?
I can't take my eyes off you.
Look me in the eye.
Get that shit out of my face!
But not in the sense that someone would be punished, but because everyone could see... and not even be able to close their eyes.
I'm not asking, I saw it with my own eyes, but I demand an answer.
I saw it with my own eyes.
You opened my eyes.
- It's getting dark in your eyes! - It's getting dark?
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, and... in... oh, my God, my eye is twitching!
I've read so much in your eyes.
"The eyes, my son.
With or without eggs, Millie, your eyes always look towards the bedroom! Look.
I think my eyes are wet.
What am I supposed to do with my eyes?
My hair hurts, my eyes hurt, my throat, my mouth...
He looked me right in the eye.
The worms eat her beautiful eyes.
I saw the Devil's rifle shoot twice in every eye.
In your eyes, Lampiao!
Let him come forward who dares to shoot me in the eye.
I'm gonna bust you in the eyes of public opinion first.
Start the show. Eyes first.
Do you recognize the eyes? - Nope. - No, no.
Eyes.
No, he has the eyes of a sadist, cruel.
- Yes, Chief? Look me in the eye.
Yes, Chief? - In the eyes. Always in the eye.
Look me in the eye!
Right in the eyes! I'll tell you what, you're gonna pay me for this. It's expensive...
Look! - Anything in your eyes?
- In the eyes! - Yes, Chief.
- In the eyes.
I can give him the steering wheel with my eyes closed.
The sun hit me in the eye, but... dry...
It's the only way we can honestly look everyone in the eye.
Come on, Carla, wipe your eyes and smile.
We never get tired of talking and looking each other in the eye.
Look at you in the mirror, look at your eyes!
Look me in the eye.
Right in the eyes.
He's already got his eye on her.
Of course, blue. Just like my eyes.
You have pink eyes.
What are you talking about? I have blue eyes.
Beer in the eye.
It's bad for the eyes.
Not in the eyebrow, in the eye.
Let's face it.
And your eyes aren't pink.
They'd give us throats as soon as we closed our eyes, wouldn't they?
She punctured my eyes!
How accurate is the verse that says: Eyes that can't see, heart that can't feel.
So, the precious audience, the poems are funny, the weather neat, they're making up this moment, in front of you.
It's traditional for the police to keep an eye on us.
And the color of the eyes is cute.
The color of the eyes and so on?
Point two: "Nice eye color."
Let's keep an eye on her.
But they're better than the one in the eye, don't you say?
You're gonna blink in the eye before the incredible things start to happen.
The famous artists in front of you are going to perform an incredible death number. IN CYCK
- What are your eyes looking at?
And to see in shining eyes the magic light.
Close your eyes.
See, the eyes are dry.
Talk or lose your eye!
The lips are like ruby wine, and her eyes are green like emeralds, oh noble gentlemen.
No, he set fire to the camp and freed King Soraya, I saw it with my own eyes.
We will execute him in front of everyone... and put an end to the tales of Antares forever.
The stars are fading like tans, and the Milky Way is shiny in their eyes.
Eyes?
Eyes? Let me remember...
Eyes, eyes...
But I'm used to her eyes, my anger teacher forgot, she adorned my life.
I'm so used to her eyes and laughter and tears.
I've got my eye on you.
Hachi's got his eye on you.
I saw it with my own eyes.
Close your eyes.
Genevieve is standing in front of me all the time.
Theodore, I have tears in my eyes.
Bat Sheva doesn't have two eyes or a lack of hair?
"that kept me awake all night."
- He's had his eyes cut. With one eye he looked at the floor and the other looked at the cat!
How are you gonna look Don Vincenzo in the eye?
Let's face it, we're bankrupt.
And did you learn to close your eyes to some things?
- Try to get in between his eyes. It's the fastest.
Between the eyes.
There was solitude and passion in your eyes.
I never saw the color of her eyes.
She's a brunette with blue eyes. - Does she have beautiful shoulders? - Yes.
And he looked at me with his blue eyes.
You're gonna start over. Open your eyes!
Close your eyes.
We saw him with our own eyes, Guy.
It goes where the eyes look.
Yeah, even though I'm a total failure in your eyes.
You're not gonna deny this greatness, are you, Tonila, to see the proof of divinity with your own eyes?
Get out of my sight!
The eyes were moving!
Five hundred eyes in the cave?
These eyes don't move - it's quartz.
Susan saw the eyes on one of the faces moving.
Susan was right about the eyes moving.
Look at these eyes. See, they've been installed on the other side.
If only we could prove... that Tehan was actually seen in the cave of 500 eyes before.
Can you prove how? Messer Marco, do you remember Tehana's answer when Miss Wright said he walked into the cave in front of her 500 eyes?
I think we need to talk in private.
Let's see who can look me in the eye.
Stay where you are, close your eyes!
Their eyes move like a big lens of a camera.
Could cover his eyes with a raincoat.
And while the eye is looking the other way, put something on it.
He was in the cave of 500 eyes.
Look at this man, if it's not your future husband, otherwise look down.
He opens his eyes, Grandpa.
Yes. Have you heard of the cave of 500 eyes?
Why is this cave called 500 eyes?
Some of Ala Eddine's followers lived here, nearby, in a cave of 500 eyes.
Messer Marco told us about the 500-eye cave.
Do you know where this cave of 500 eyes is?
A respected gentleman has just arrived. Where is the cave of 500 eyes?
Look at these eyes.
And look how well the face has been cut out, in the eyes of a quartz.
The caves are 500 eyes.
The eyes were moving!
Did you notice that man's eyes?
- What happened to his eyes?
Get him out of my sight!
When I give you this, close your eyes.
Get out of there, you stupid fly! Whoever says anything, I'm the best shooter in the Wild West. It's like an eagle's eye!
Mine. Where's the eye, everything's mine... except that piece.
This question is addressed to the bank shooter, he's gonna answer his eye.
There was still kindness and love in your eyes.
I touched his face many times, kissed his eyes, ironed his hair.
It's the same feeling in my eyes.
How dare you face her father?
With my own eyes.
So, you saw with your own eyes the effects of hyperboloid?
I want to talk to you face to face.
I saw him with my own eyes.
He's got eyes! I saw them. Green!
Maybe the eyes.
Open season, just aim and right between the eyes.
At least Burmin fell into such thoughtfulness and his eyes with that kind of fire stopped at Maria Gavrilovna, which seemed like a decisive moment.
He's always around, sitting in front of you, young, fat, with honest eyes.
You know, with honest eyes.
I'm gonna close my eyes, and I'm gonna say it again.
Why do you look at me like a lamb?
From now on, after looking into Liberty's eyes.
Shit, I got smoke in my eye.
Get out of my sight!
And close your eyes to something we don't know.
So much in her eyes of mistrust, exclusion and loneliness.
Your eyes have returned from a land where no one knew what it meant to look.
Your voice, your eyes, your hands, your lips.
The storm troopers are already terrorizing the population in front of an inactive government.
Now the eyes.
Close your eyes...
Open your eye...
- Eyes.
- Whose eyes?
My eyes are sticking.
Returning home, paying with their hands, eyes or feet were lucky.
With blonde hair, blue eyes, lost at the age of eight?
Don't take your eyes off Fandor.
Okay, close your eyes and sleep.
In your eyes, he will be shackled into a straitjacket and raised straight into the sky to a height on which only the eagles dare rise.
Miss Dubois, I suggest we take cold food, because our ice is melting in front of our eyes, very quickly.
There's a lot hidden from the eye.
Just close your eyes and shove it in the name - Pump it in the name?
But if you're gonna get me in trouble, you won't be able to blink when you're where Ross picked you up.
It seems that since then, "The Winterberry" has been trying to keep out of our sight.
You try, but you can't open your eyes.
But your eyes shouldn't blink.
Even then, I replaced humility in his eyes.
Because I saw it all with my own eyes.
I said yes. I saw tears in her eyes when I spoke of the troubles of young years.
The character of the maura is direct, open, and in his eyes is the honest one who pretended to be such, and the easy one, like all the donkeys, to drive that one behind his nose.
He shall drink the Dane, and he shall fall down the dead drunk: he shall fall down from the foot of the German, and in no eye.
The monster with the green eyes laughs at the victims.
So take your father's eyes off that he thought of witchcraft...
The eye can't tell when an hour without a friend is longer sometimes than the one hundred and sixty!
Get out of my sight!
Let me look you in the eye.
♪ My eyes scratch ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh,
- Your husband. He opened my eyes.
He who sheds out of the tormented eyes, the tears of those who do not know, the rivers of tears, like the trees in Arabia.
It's just... your eyes...
You have a couple of scars around your eyes. That's it.
- I know, I have eyes.
And now people are ashamed to look in the eyes. You came here to teach the kids, and what did you do?
If it were my will, I'd poke your eyes out.
You think when school was on fire, we were standing there with our mouths and eyes staring?
- Well, look me in the eye.
Open your eyes.
A little fried, eyes funny, eyes alive... maybe... a little aggressive.
Only you're blond with blue eyes, Scandinavian. Ahh!
Serge, the whole thing burned with his eyes open.
Look me in the eye when I'm talking to you.
I have a vision machine called eyes, ears for hearing, mouth for speech.
And I was trembling with happiness so that tears would come out in front of me.
I saw his body in the morgue with my own eyes.
Without sleeping one eye.
Oh, look at my eyes.
I see this scene in front of my eyes.
These clear eyes...
I've been ordered to keep an eye on you.
She has two eyes, and both are healthy.
I didn't see any disease in my eye.
Don't look at a woman, and don't let yourself be tempted by a woman's look.
The blind were my eyes, who thought the wolf was a sheep.
I'm the one who looked at the woman.
The captain kept an eye on you.
You didn't take your eyes off me?
- The captain has a sharp eye.
You saw the way he looked you in the eye.
With tears in his eyes, he begs me to kiss.
They said Kutuzov was a curve, one eye.
This little boy suffered severe retina burns when he was 27 miles away from the explosion.
This Groman... we have to keep an eye on him.
I know Dad said you'd look after me, but could you close your eyes for at least one minute?
- I wouldn't let her out of my sight.
Keep an eye on him, young man.
Now close your eyes and get a big surprise from Nero!
- Close your eyes.
You know, I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw him in the space museum.
I think he kidnapped your companion out of revenge, and in his eyes, it would be a perfect addition to the harem.
- You're the King's eyes!
It'll burn your eyes - you'll be completely blind!
Funny, it makes your eyes feel weird.
Don't you dare look me in the eye?
I dare to look you in the eye, Paris!
Scanner's Eye.
Scanner's Eye?
- And I have eyes...
You've got a good eye...
We'll torture him in front of the widow.
They ripped out my eyes!
There are nine witnesses who survived that massacre who saw Kodos with their own eyes.
Just like I have... in my own eyes and ears, and cars lie less than people.
Ben, we need to keep an eye on him.
Speak, damn your eyes!
And the light was cutting my eyes, so I felt pain in them.
All I have to do is close my eyes to see him.
Yeah, I'm gonna burn from your eyes to your ears, do you have the courage?
Like I said, with my eyes closed.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. This time I'm gonna beat you so hard that you don't want to look me in the eye.
With a rock in the eye, once!
That's what I'm gonna tell him in the eye.
I look at the world with your eyes.
Get out of my sight, you snake bastard!
How am I gonna look people in the eye?
That's the devil I came up with. Smoke from the nose, eyes...
- Why are you taking your eyes off?
'Cause he's lying there, he's snoring, he's not opening his eyes.
No eyes?
And they're gonna get smarter in front of their eyes.
He wanted to close his eyes, but he was afraid to crush the pioneer.
Your eyes are sticking.
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes.
Are they still standing with their eyes closed?
They're standing, but their eyes are open.
Poor bastard missed his eyes.
Carson has a blindfold on one eye.
Sergeant, gangrene eats my leg... not my eyes.
Then close your eyes and beg the doctor.
- Your eyes.
Eyes, smile.
I'll close my eyes on your mortgage, and I'll give you $500.
