They're keeping an eye on us.
I can't believe I didn't see Keith in the eye.
Pull your eyes out of your orbit.
Closer. I'll look into a man's eyes.
I'm your eyes.
- But you're a fool in the eyes of older brothers.
- What happened to your eye?
Says he saw Jim Curry come out of here with a bruise under his eye.
It's the confidence that you see white when your eyes say black.
I've been thinking about this little fight... between me and Jim, about his eye...
Wow, that's not good with the eye.
He had weak hands and short-sighted eyes.
The sooner you face the truth... the sooner you stop hurting your heart.
Maybe it'll be his eyes.
Now close your eyes.
Look me in the eye.
- I wish you could pull out your eyes.
But the comanches believe he needs eyes to get into spiritland.
I've seen his eyes change with the word "camanchi" alone.
Her eyes didn't seem as full of blue as yours.
Now close your eyes slowly.
Close your eyes again and take a deep breath.
You wanted to humiliate the boy in front of the whole school. Because if he's right, then you were wrong.
Why can't we face the truth?
I'm so tired. The eyes are closing.
The eyes are sticking...
I haven't slept all night.
And how his eyes shine when he talks about the Princess.
- I have eyes on the back of my head.
You're gonna say the same! Just open your eyes, right behind the whistle, and the local police will be on their feet. I don't think so.
Just in front of me, three of our comrades were shot. For sending letters from here.
I was afraid, but after dinner, when I sang, I so wanted to come up to him, take his hand, look him in the eyes, and sing for him only.
I don't want to close my eyes.
The city burns to the ground in front of us.
Well, he only has one eye.
Mr. Blanchard tried not to look me in the eye.
Of course, he's annoying, a little nervous, keeping an eye on me, sometimes even watching me too closely, but if you get to know him better, he's cute.
I looked him right in the eye.
She's a little older here than I remember she gets wrinkled around her eyes.
Her face, skin, eyes...
I heard the door open, looked up.
Now, if you look through the keyhole with another eye...
I have eyes, don't I?
Then what are their eyes for?
You know... sometimes when you're not around, I close my eyes and I can't remember your face.
Then what are their eyes for?
"Dear, I love you so much, but... sometimes when I close my eyes, I can't remember your face.
I look at it, I eat it with my eyes.
Keep an eye on the beast, but report as soon as possible.
I'd like to draw only your eyes.
Your eyes are burning all over your face.
Do I have such big eyes?
- You invited me, and this cow with silly eyes kicked me out.
Come with me, but don't throw yourself in the eye.
I can't look her in the eye.
Too many eyes.
They wanted to shoot him, and he didn't blink.
It's just a routine arrest today. But when he got back to the office, he tore me up in front of the guys.
He looked up at the lieutenant and...
I didn't see it in the eyes. Only with bullets pulled out of the pharmacy.
He believed what he saw with his own eyes.
- green eyes...
What happened to your eyes?
She just got soap in her eyes.
It's like a shot in the dark... it doesn't look like she had soap in her eyes.
I don't have eyes on the back of my head.
Will you close your eyes when you do that?
The light in the lady's eyes.
Take care of your eyes.
Really, it's just coal dust in the eyes.
- Excuse me, do you have such blindfolds?
I need to sleep, and this light hits me in the eye.
Hobart, open your eyes.
I saw it with my own eyes.
She opened her eyes.
Stefano, she opened her eyes.
Where are your eyes?
Your eyes are always down.
The sun will shine in your face. Keep your eyes open with the view of a broken dog.
Let her open her eyes.
Help the sergeant tie up the convicts, then blindfold them if they want to.
Make sure you use your lips correctly, and your eyes...
Eyes.
The eyes must be thick.
Summing up: body, face, lips, eyes.
Bertha is adorable. Yeah, especially eyes and hair color.
You've been keeping an eye on me all night.
I read in your eyes.
I went up an hour ago, but I didn't want to look you in the eye.
It's about time he opened his eyes.
In your eyes, I'm a sinner.
Here, keep an eye on him!
There were tears in front of my eyes, and when I lost them, she was gone.
I lay awake most of the night.
- They just close their eyes and don't look.
I groaned her eyes, her nose, her graceful little ears.
- "Why don't you love me the way you used to?" - "Why are you turning your eyes on me?"
Look into my eyes.
I see a lot of fear in your eyes.
Look her in the eye.
Something in your eyes...
Enjoy your last minute - get your eyes dirty and move your fingers.
Everything swings in front of your eyes.
I've been closing my eyes... almost all the time.
I'll tell you, you're even cuter with your eyes open.
I didn't sleep.
She opened her eyes to a lot of things.
Barbara, we need to face the truth.
And put your eyes and your arteries to a severe test.
And I never use sniffing salt because it makes my eyes swollen.
With tears in my eyes, Leonard came home at exactly nine twenty-six.
Take that glass out of your eye.
He looks exactly the same now, except for the eyes.
Just keep an eye on them.
Look at her eyes.
Mona, why don't you close your eyes and try to sleep?
Well, let's all drop it and go where the eyes look.
I don't believe it!
He was hoping to put dust in their eyes with his car, but he just scared them off.
Get out of my sight!
- Did you get something in your eye? - No, just like that.
Get out of my face!
to beautiful eyes.
Not for beautiful eyes at all.
Get him out of my sight.
He was a salesman in those years. He could've had his eyes flat or his horns.
But we're men, and we have to face the truth.
Look me in the eye and tell me if I'm right.
And neither of you even blinked.
- I wish my eyes hadn't seen him!
I saw him with my own eyes!
In front of Yvonne.
I saw it with my own eyes.
We just have to wait. They're keeping an eye on us.
Such words could have written that tears had turned into tears in the eyes.
I'll believe it when I see it with my own eyes.
I saw it with my own eyes.
I haven't drowned them in two days, and my eyes are like fire.
And yet I saw him first with my hunting eye.
I have beautiful eyes.
Watch the rope and see that the hand is faster than the eye.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm about to call the real, 100% gin in front of you.
It was enough for him to say hello so that my eyes would stick together.
Your teeth, your eyes, your eyelashes, your hair.
They hug and kiss with their eyes closed.
With a new glitter in his eyes.
Tonight in her eyes.
For a woman to go alone with you, especially now that all the eyes of Paris are pointed at you...
Why did you grow up in front of me?
I've seen people as they are... I've seen their beauty and ugliness with my own eyes.
He watches TV, paints his eyes, reads the paper, listens to TV at the same time.
Look, don't fall in love with her, or Alexandra's gonna scratch your eyes out.
And then one moment, and she closes her eyes and she thinks it's you.
Look the other way in the eye.
I can't look you in the eye after what happened today.
You almost got my eye out!
I got caught in the eye.
At least cry out your eyes, I'm sick of it!
Death looked me in the eye!
But my eyes are sticking.
Her eyes are clouding, her eyes are glassy.
His eyes saw the stars through the fog.
His eyes will guide us to Aella.
Oh, my God, good and wise, I close my eyes.
There was something evil in her eyes.
"Your eyes..."
And the eyes...
I've been keeping an eye on you all night.
I wanted to look into her eyes.
All my clients say that they wouldn't look at you, you freak!
Come on! Aim for the eye!
Get out of my sight!
There are moments in every person's life when he can't believe his own eyes.
You weren't yourself when you spoke on the radio. If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes...
What's that in your eyes?
The oval shape..., the eye of a Cyclops on a tower or dome.
The eyes of Cyclops.
Through his eyes with a deep-sea battery called Explorer.
Rif and I can get down on the probe and stick to his eye.
- I can hook you up to your eye.
If you kill me, your mother and sister will be crucified! In front of you!
There's anger in your eyes, 41.
You never looked up.
Humiliate Tribun in the eyes of his people! That would be great!
Judah, you will defeat Mesalla in front of the new viceroy.
It will light the way for our peoples and blind the eyes of the Romans.
That's what it's like, Monsieur Micheau, because you're not gonna tell me, and he's in front of me all the time.
Your eyes are full of wonders you've read about.
Why are you looking at me with your fish eyes?
When he hears the sound of horns, his eyes shine!
Those lips, those eyes.
Are your eyes dark green or black?
Just look me in the eye.
You have green eyes, don't you?
One day without his eyes, and she dies, a little girl from Never, a little windshield from Never.
Like him, I'll start forgetting from your eyes.
It'll open your eyes.
- Your idea that I shouldn't get caught in these people's eyes and chronometrically through binoculars is completely impossible.
And the children of Babylon were destroyed, and became indecent in the sight of debauchery. (Probably the distortion of the Old Testament - the prophet Isaiah (Yeshaig) and the New Testament)
Eyes stop growing and lose elasticity at the age of 10.
I look stupid in your eyes.
Duplicate in our eyes, we call it dyplope.
You need to check your eyes as well as your kidneys and your heart.
The light cuts the eyes.
And next to him was a little boy with blue eyes staring at me.
They're all the same blue eyes.
I'm ashamed to say, it all went around the world in front of us.
Yeah, I'd have to be upstairs in mourning and with my red eyes, humbly with a disheartened view of shaking my hands.
The eyes are a little red, and that's how we all do it.
Is this the first time you've ever seen me?
Okay, well, if we give one hint that Agent Kaplan doesn't exist, let us understand Wandamma that he exists to take his eyes out, then our agent, working right under Vandamm's nose, will immediately face suspicion, exposure and destruction.
Is there something wrong with your eyes?
Shot Mr. Kaplan twice in front of the frightened men, women and children who came to the park to see the monument on the mountain.
We're gonna try to get this out of our sight, and that's it.
- What eyes she has!
Open your mouth and close your eyes.
My happiness is falling asleep in the eyes of my beloved.
And I'll keep my eyes open, I promise.
Some crimes need to be ignored, don't you think?
Don't take your eye off.
I wanted to open your eyes...
I saw a trick in his eyes.
You're gonna get something in your eye again.
He hasn't looked me in the eye once.
I'm not gonna sleep my eye after all this stuff.
Why are you so sad in your eyes?
I'm gonna keep an eye on you.
Let's go there. Musicians are blindfolded, tango sounds before dawn.
To be honest, I didn't sleep my eye at all.
Do you see something in my eyes that makes you sad?
You're running so fast around all this furniture, it's hard for me to follow you even with my eye.
Now go and keep an eye on the French!
The only thing I know about them is that they look me in the eye. I'm just watching...
He won't see us: it's dark here, and the light from the lamp will blind his eyes.
- He's looking me in the eye!
Not from the pain... but from the horror in front of that bottomless rift that opened her eyes to human evil.
How are my eyes?
Stop dreaming, open your eyes.
I pulled out the knife and the gun, put the knife in the center of the gun and fired, the bullet split into two parts, and bam, right between the eyes.
Well, one fell down a bit and got caught in the eye.
You should've seen him cry 'cause he had one eye left, the stream of tears got thinner.
I was surrounded by dinosaurs, they were all around, and they were kind, and there was a 16-foot deer with black skin and blue eyes!
With blue eyes.
But don't run, get close to him, eye to eye, breath to breath. And when you're close, you throw shit in his eyes.
Look you in the eye, feeling weird.
With her eyes deeply planted, they didn't close even when she was asleep.
I came into town to tell my story about an open eye even above my eyebrows.
I'm frozen like a statue, but I haven't seen my whole life before my eyes, so I guess I'm alive.
Only the eyes survived.
Close your eyes.
Open your eyes.
You can open your eyes.
Open your eyes.
I remembered a girl with blue eyes.
When you're scared, or surprised, or both at the same time, there's a special glitter in your eyes.
Why are you closing your eyes?
I close my eyes tight so that everything around me becomes black.
We look each other in the eye, but why?
I wonder if I can see my reflection in your eyes.
My eyes, my mouth or my shoulders?
Put your glasses up to your eyes and look at the screen.
When the color becomes normal again, as it is now, remove the glasses from the eye, until the next change in the color of the screen.
When you're in love with a married man, don't paint your mascara eyes.
Fran, open your eyes!
How's your eye?
If you were my age, chatter, I'd choose your eyes.
Did you see his eyes?
Don't look down like a girl.
You can't take your eyes off.
I wouldn't believe it if I saw it with my own eyes.
His eyes glittered when he looked at you.
Who is this shameless bastard? I haven't taken my eyes off you since you got home.
Only a muse with beautiful eyes can blow fire into a poet's chest.
Speak straight if he went to Saint-Le, not for the Duke of Angulem, but for the lovely eyes of his daughter.
Abandoned by his own family, no one will even close my eyes...
I was gonna bury my eyes.
I said Louis XV had his head cut off, and he didn't blink.
Don't wipe your eyes.
I thought I had two eyes.
In front of the whole town.
What's that under your eye?
You know, Marcello, I'm gonna come over and scratch your eyes out.
What beautiful, bottomless eyes you have!
It's like everyone's eyes are the same.
Snake, don't look me in the eye!
Never mind, look her in the eye.
You'll see how cute she is when she gets into your eyes.
When I'm happy, I close my eyes.
Her eyes are like blue skies.
I recognized you from your eyes, your mouth, your hands.
She has the eyes of Tech.
Look at those eyes, that smile.
I didn't sleep my eye last week.
Anger made my eyes, you know?
Those 500,000 yen last night. I close my eyes and I see them.
In front of the eyes of the likes of...
It's like eyes full of...
What was that light in your eyes?
Wipe your eyes and don't be stupid.
And those lights in your eyes and all that stuff.
He's got dad's eyes.
And week after week, you persist in anger! The same divisions, the same belligerence, the same hostility, until you become 10,000 times more disgusting in God's eyes than the most hateful, poisonous, violent sinners...
I can see it in your eyes.
- Yeah, like I said, I got blindfolded.
I've seen so many motels in the last two days that my eyes are tired of neon. But this is the first place that seems to be hiding from the world.
I have a sharp eye for these things.
She kept an eye on me all day.
And all of a sudden, because of that bastard who was stabbing me in front of you to humiliate you, all of a sudden, it wasn't true.
Rocco left home. He's got eyes like he's been in hell.
He laughed, cracked my desk drawer in front of me.
Look, me and the guys saw our Simone beat this champion one night by the Gisolphe Bridge.
Of course, he only has one eye. He lost the other one. I watched TV from morning to night.
I can't keep my eyes off that girl.
Eyes are like balloons.
The hand is strong and the eye is faithful.
Masilia cheated on you and Marius in front of me!
They grew up in front of me.
Weird eyes.
Everyone's got weird eyes.
Weird eyes, fascinating, I'd say an unusual type of hair, and an unusual shape of nails.
- And her eyes were in!
Here's the job, you need an eye everywhere, you know, break up.
- Oh, girls can't do that. You gotta tell Toska, you gotta open her eyes.
- You're lucky, Katka, and people's happiness will catch their eyes.
- Close your eyes.
The smile of the mouth, the motion of the eye, the lover's eyes,
He's been looking at him since morning. And he looks right in the eyes.
And through the hair that covered your face, I saw your closed eyes, and I felt a lump coming up to my throat.
And it was such a strong feeling that my eyes were filled with tears.
You see, I don't look at him the way you look at him with the eyes of love.
You said eyes, for example.
Albert's eyes are dark.
You know, when I close my eyes, I see him again like I did when we were together.
One eye is crying and the other isn't?
You've got a light eye.
I walked into the house and didn't believe my eyes.
I won't tell you, my eyes will tell.
Stay here. Don't take your eyes off.
- Shut up! These fingers, made to squeeze, these eyes, made to see you, but they must be removed from you - to these walls, bound by the cleaning of another century, with black panels, gold, old portraits,
Corridors, empty, as far as the eye can see.
A man and a woman left their home country, walked many days in a row where their eyes looked.
Your eyes are wide open, too wide, your lips are a little open, like you're gonna talk, or you're gonna get stuck, or you're gonna scream.
Your mouth is still about to open, your eyes are still expanding, your hand is reaching forward in an unfinished gesture of waiting, uncertainty, or perhaps call, or defense.
And now you keep looking into the void... keep seeing him... his gray eyes,
There was something in your eyes.
Out of sight!
Eyes rejoice.
Maybe she thought that if I married a woman who wasn't dangerous in her eyes, then after the wedding, we could get back together.
He opened one eye.
You saw him open one eye, didn't you?
'Cause if he wasn't a simulationist, then if he was conscious, he would have opened both eyes.
Your eyes are like the sea.
Your eyes reflect your soul.
In your eyes?
They're gonna be dark, like Jose, but they're gonna have beautiful dark green eyes.
When I close my eyes, I see the same dream, over and over again.
If I'm gonna get respect in the eyes of men, let me get it first in yours!
You know I admire you, that I respect you... but you will grow even more in my eyes if you show me one of the greatest qualities.
If you hate love, you hate life itself, and if you do, your eyes don't reflect it.
My eyes can't read this charter.
I also brought an eye ointment.
But my eyes are too poor to read God's Word.
- They're not gonna let you out of their sight, and when they're out of breath, they're gonna attack you!
Don't take your eyes off her.
But when we were done, he said that in his eyes, I was responsible, not the Germans.
Get off your cross, close your eyes and pull the trigger.
Yes. He had the Devil's eye.
She closes her eyes in the dark.
- He had dark, curly hair and piercing cold eyes.
I can't forget his eyes.
Like the eyes of a fox I saw once.
She grieved until madness appeared in her eyes.
From now on, we can't let them out of our sight.
I can't forget his eyes.
I don't think so at the beginning, but then it became clear to anyone who had eyes and ears.
"It was understandable to everyone who had eyes and ears," you said.
If I want to stay on the bench, there's something I need to close my eyes on.
But for God's sake, tell me exactly how I should turn a blind eye to the murder of six million people.
- I'm not asking you to close your eyes, I just want to know what conclusions we'll come to if we're guided by this?
Is that eye a little smaller today?
No, you have to close your eyes.
You should look him in the eye!
Like a girl, I closed my eyes.
The eyes are red?
When I looked into your eyes, I knew right away that you were a very good person.
I think you have a problem with your eyes.
Her eyes?
Look me in the eye.
You think my eyes are lying?
Then why didn't you cut your belly in front of Tokugawa?
With your eyes closed, sir.
Drink with them, joke with them... but first of all, keep your self-irony and keep your eyes open.
Right where... you closed his eyes.
He's keeping an eye on me.
And there wasn't a bad dream... where the door opened... and a man was killed in front of the woman who was hit.
Never looks anyone in the eye.
For 20 years, I've ruined my eyes under this lamp.
I only remember dozens of... dead in front of me.
All eyes were closed to it.
- I need to blindfold you.
The owls fly and shine yellow eyes.
The eyes are sticking.
I've seen his eyes all the time.
Your eyes, neck, shoulders... thalia.
Thank you. No eyes.
But old Tacoimon had an eye on her.
It's getting dark in your eyes.
Baron Cifalou, open your eyes!
In the eyes of public opinion, my stock began to go down quickly.
These eyes.............................. who are the most beautiful things, on your disgusting face.............................................................................................
I'll rip your eyes out with my own hands!
One more step! And I'm gonna rip her eyes out!
No, it wasn't that last night, she was yelling, "Henry's eyes! Henri's eyes!"
No, I told Juliette I hit a cop in the eye.
I think I'll kiss you in front of everyone. Nope.
But I'm gonna keep an eye on him tonight!
Oh, I got something in my eye!
Still. I close my eyes and I imagine it's you.
I swear to you every hour that there won't be you or me, whose eyes do those tears fall out of?
But he couldn't get rid of the idea that he'd be shot... and that suddenly the horizon would go out in front of him.
The fact that you don't want to accept it makes me a suspect... in your eyes.
Am I gonna lose an eye?
Internal contusions... and he lost his eye.
You have beautiful eyes.
You drink and lie down faster or you'll be blindfolded.
No eyes, no mouth.
I bet you don't know how sparks fall out of your eyes.
Look me in the eye.
And after he was asleep, he opened his eyes.
His eyes were looking at something he wouldn't have dared lift a day before.
From the day he began to peek and watch his mother, the goal was to destroy that mole of awe and honor that was then around her in his eyes.
Saro and I have a case, it's not for other people's eyes.
It's all about the color of the eyes and the hair.
Her eyes didn't lie!
It's a good night, I love it. Even if it's an eye.
It was like a man with fish scales and huge toad eyes.
I saw the shark with my own eyes.
He makes his legs crumbling, he gives blind people eyes.
Hasen! Have you seen a guy taller than me, curly dark hair and blue eyes?
Enough! Your eyes are shameless!
I'm not the poor girl you burned out with the coals!
Do you think I'm giving you money for beautiful eyes?
Let's take a look at it with your own eyes.
As a result of harming his girlfriend, you defeat him, in other words, diminish his authority in your eyes.
She laughed so much that even tears appeared before her eyes.
Your eyes are clear as thought!
And then... when I gossip my web, dearest Eric will be happy to spend the night in the park just to hide from Isabelle's eyes.
The words of a staring death in the eye... are unlikely to be useless.
I close my eyes, and the picture of the past appears before my eyes as if it were yesterday.
And for the weak servants of the other houses. The decent actions of both sides will open their eyes to these fraudsters and refresh their minds.
With fear in his eyes, he asked for a postponement.
And imagine, sir. I stand with this bucket of rocks and I clap my eyes.
I saw the note with my own eyes, it's Dad's handwriting!
I'd like to speak to this gentleman in private.
Don't you have an eye?
We can cross Arabia, the Turks won't be able to blink.
In their eyes, we are not soldiers, but rebels.
Your eyes are blue.
- I said you have blue eyes.
It's in your eyeballs.
But if we agree to humiliate our brave Chinese friends in the eyes of the world press, then let it be a battalion.
Johnny sometimes stops here, sir, when he's too drunk, and his mother tells him to leave Washington so he doesn't get caught in anyone's eyes.
Everyone held their breath when Hobbs' bright eyes had a quick look at this complex mechanism...
At the same time, she's got some sort of mucus coming out of her eyes.
All the houses were drowned in greens, which made their eyes rejoice.
May it be. They're keeping an eye on you.
You're lying, I can see it in your eyes.
I know, darling, that you loved her... but please try to understand - wherever I go, her eyes look at me, watching me.
Last night, I saw with my own eyes a lot of her dress and shoes.
When he turned his eyes on me, I poured milk into a flower pot.
I can't look her in the eye.
Imagine this absolutely white face: skin, hair, little colourless eyes.
I didn't sleep my eye last night.
My eyes are sticking.
In the eyes of the family, only the fruit I bore under my heart mattered.
Maybe I did it to see in your eyes the alarm, the curiosity, the word, the confusion.
His eyes are sprained, and he's drooling all the time.
The eyes began to turn black.
- What eye?
Oh, yeah, it was supposed to be her right eye.
It was her right eye, Mr Finch.
Her eye turned black.
She came up to me... and looked me in the eye for a long, long time.
I close my eyes, I'm responsible for it.
But the light of her eyes hides everything,
- Eyes.
I said your eyes were full of kindness.
I looked at the portrait and closed my eyes.
It was an involuntary move to buy time and think. To make sure I didn't let my eye down. To prepare my mind for a more cold-blooded and confident assessment.
The light is already shining in his eyes, but in a moment he sees that the inexhaustible light is flowing from the gate of the law.
I remember my father looking me in the eye and saying, "Come here, my boy. What are you up to?"
If I wanted these people to be punished, I'd just walk away, close my eyes, shut my ears, throw everything out of my head, but I don't think they should be punished.
Am I such an asshole in your eyes that you can't be with me for a minute?
No one's seen them in the eye.
A blindfold and wings. But why...
He's usually early in the morning and wakes me up. How would you like that? You sneak your eyes out, you get a judge on your bed in a robe.
He should always be on his guard and don't rub his eyes on the left when the judge or someone like him is standing on the right.
Then it's like the earth is screaming and yelling at the sky... love... inviting one of the spouses to talk face-to-face with a smile.
It's not like crows are gonna stick one another's eyes out.
- I don't even have to close my eyes to introduce you.
