- Look me in the eye.
Brunette, with green eyes, a little sprained, lives alone, or with a small guy, weighs about 50 pounds [52 kg], wears a gray hat and a gray suit.
So Cupid kicked Uncle Lance in the eye?
You made me look like a laughingstock in those women's eyes. You knew the table was a fake.
But, my God, Sally, what was I supposed to do in front of all these women?
- Spit it in her eyes?
I came here last night, and he's standing in his stall, staring right at me like a glass eye.
"The cold eyes of the sea glittered from beneath the fields of his hat.
- Maybe he liked your blue eyes.
If you don't want to lose that romantic glitter in your eyes, leave while the door is open.
I might get arrested, I won't be able to blink.
Let's face it, Val.
Where are your eyes, gangster?
There's been a murder here. Let's face it.
Close your eyes...
You knew about it the first time our eyes met and everyone inside met us, too. And you know that now.
His icy eyes are always watching me.
Destroy your eyes.
He's gone, he's coming, and he's looking at her like that!
- I'd like to look him in the eye.
I asked you not to look me in the eye.
'Cause it looks like it's one thing, but right in front of you, it's turning into something completely different.
I don't like looking into the eyes of the defenseless.
I don't care what you do, but it's gotta look good in his eyes.
You're falling apart in front of me.
The color of your eyes touches me.
A duel on swords, a deadly battle with blindfolded eyes.
No, we all know that we're getting ready, down to the servant who opened the door with my eyes scared.
Look into her eyes, on her forehead, pity her.
He has beautiful eyes.
What a hate in your eyes.
I have eyes.
We better keep an eye on this guy.
Don't let him out of your sight, Burt.
The bride will hide in it, leaving only an eye... but what an eye!
- I just closed my eyes for a minute.
And I won't embarrass you in front of your handsome friend.
I can't believe it.
Fake banknotes define it in the eye!
In her eyes, I see myself as I am.
Look into my eyes.
Talk to me. To him, I'm kind of alive, not just a doll with eyes and no name.
She saw her heart in her eyes.
Well, for starters, he was a private eye.
I thought you said "eyes"?
The private eye is a private detective.
He closed his eyes every time Hubert hit me, and then he told him to hit me again.
What about my eyes last night?
You raise your face and close your eyes waiting for a kiss.
Open your eyes and look back.
I closed my eyes.
Your friend Mary, who couldn't see because her heart was in her eyes.
If I could just learn to shoot straight, maybe I could save taxpayers some money, but I always close my eyes.
I'm curious to know it's an eye.
It's exactly where the eye is.
So it's got to be an eye.
But is that an eye?
Yeah, it's an eye.
Except maybe an eye.
I've certainly painted my eyes.
It's nice to watch them. Just need an eye and an eye.
They admired the forests, the rivers, the lakes with their wives, their children, their houses, then they looked up to the sky, and they said,
Dolores doesn't think so. She says, señorita is in love with that pilot who has blue eyes and dark hair and likes women.
Well, my eyes are always wide open, and I've studied a lot of books. You'll forgive my remarks, but I say from high age I'd rather get my own experience first and then write a book in life so messed up and a lot more.
- Look me in the eye. Look me in the eye.
And out of the blue, it comes back to me and hits me right between my eyes.
I will not pretend I can discuss all sides with the authority of the expert, but the untrained eye and even the eye of the expert, these two bullets would seem exactly identical.
E-Y-E, that's what I always said.
I like women with sharp eyes... confident chin...
I'd like to know what's behind your cold-blooded eyes.
With such lovely eyes.
I can't believe it.
For many reasons, for example, you like her eyes or something.
Of course I like her eyes.
A lot of people have dark brown eyes.
What's so special about Annie?
It shouldn't be anything special in Anne's eyes, Nick.
- What color is Anne's eyes?
And she was blonde, Nick, with blue eyes.
You know, most blue eyes are round.
That's who I am. If I see something wrong, I get blood in my eyes, I can't help yelling.
I used to be happy when, after working all day insulted, I was coming home, and they were waiting for me with these eyes:
Pour the bourbon and close your eyes.
I was sitting at the bar, drinking bourbon and closing my eyes, but I wasn't thinking about the street I knew.
- He looked me in the eye and he knew everything.
I worked on it, I didn't sleep.
Look me in the eye.
No, no, what if his eyes are still open?
My eyes are still tight.
It's empty in front of my eyes.
How to look in the eyes...
I have eyes instead of ears.
I can't keep my eyes open.
I close my eyes and I see you glow and smile at me.
Can you see them with human eyes?
She let herself die in front of me.
Only then I closed my eyes.
If I could close my eyes and open them, find that no danger exists anymore. A lonely woman begging for fate...
Finch says he couldn't take his eyes off the blonde.
- And don't forget the glass eye.
Glass eye. Left.
Glass eye?
Does anyone know a man with a glass eye?
Crazy glitter in your eyes.
He's holding up decently, but his eyes are wet...
I can be your eyes.
I cried so much for a man once, my eyes almost washed off my face.
He's keeping an eye on her.
In the eyes of blood, at least sell buckets.
See, Richie, to do this job, you have to be smart, you have to have a good eye and speed. That's it.
With this audience, we need to find what's stolen right in front of them.
Your eyes and your speech, the flower of the innocent.
And pity, like a naked, newly born baby, like a heavenly shruvim, by air, invisible, will run, will die in everyone's eyes, and the wind will drown in tears.
They're gonna rip my eyes out!
♪ No day or night ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ no night ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ no night ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ no night ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ sleep ♪ ♪ sleep ♪
Your spirit shines in your eyes!
Get out of my sight!
Your blood's frozen, there's no brain in the bones, there's no vision in the eyes that you put on me...
Don't let me play with the eyes of the woman, the coward with the tongue.
- You see, her eyes are open.
And be a pig in your eyes?
Yeah, when I was able to take my eyes off her.
I want to talk to him in private.
No, I'm gonna piss Brendan's eyes off.
- I don't like looking in the eye.
Look, I'll tell you what. For many years and even centuries, we lived with our eyes closed.
When I got the behavior award, they didn't write a line about it... but the front page was how I wanted to scratch my eyes out... that little bastard, Badermeer girl.
And blood flowed through his eyes.
I like to open my eyes and see you.
- Right between the eyes.
You have eyes.
What if his eyes are open and he looks at me?
I remember the look in her eyes.
You haven't slept all night.
♪ I want those eyes, I want that face... ♪
I saw it with my own eyes.
I saw him too - the edge of my eye when I was walking through Curzon Street.
I looked the butcher in the eye and asked him to wrap up the biggest and most select piece.
Look at the truth.
It happened in front of me, I swore I'd stop when the chips were over.
She wants to talk in private.
We don't need extra eyes.
Look me in the eye.
You have tired eyes.
You need eyes and eyes.
- Patterson, open your eyes and listen to me!
- And bright blue eyes.
- Can I have a word with you in private?
You should take one look at yourself with the eyes of Pinker and R.B.
Nope. It was a soldier. I wanted to put his major in the eye.
You'd better lie down and close your eyes.
Look me in the eye.
In your eyes.
Close your eyes.
You don't have to open your eyes under any circumstances!
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes.
- Close your eyes for a minute.
- Who did you put your eye on?
In Tina's eyes, everyone who attends her three parties automatically becomes a celebrity.
You're also prone to hyperthyroidism, plus, you've got over-stressed eyes, inflammated eyelids and pre-structural tone in your voice, with manic-depressive tendencies.
My eyes.
- Not really. A little eyebrowing.
Your eyes are full of fear and tension.
Just close your eyes and forget it.
Now open your eyes.
Close your eyes.
My eyes can't concentrate yet.
I can't expect you to see Anne with my eyes.
He can't take his eyes off my feet.
It's in front of your eyes.
Imagine that you know that hundreds of different people love you, they smile, their eyes shine.
I'll open my eyes at six o'clock, and he's here.
Your size... the color of your eyes...
You can tell from a man's eyes when he's scared.
It's all around, as far as the eye is concerned, it's Furies.
Someone who was able to beat old T.S. He's a good man in his eyes.
She opened my eyes and helped me to see what a bad person I was.
These Herreras can get a pigeon in the eye with 300 yards.
Just thinking you're gonna lose a part of Fury, you're gonna pry your eyes out.
She could get a pigeon in the eye with 300 yards.
- The sun's a little bright in the eyes.
- The sun is shining in his eyes.
Mom, I can't look them all in the eye now. I just can't!
Close eyes.
My eyes would never see him again.
One day she looks out the window and sees a new bodyguard. This moment is well described by her eyes.
You don't see eyes coming out of orbit.
You forgot your hands. I could have scratched his eyes out.
When I said, "Love is blind to us: it takes away our eyes, he's already snoring."
It's his devil, like the color of his eyes, like the shape of his head.
Did you cut your eyes?
In that troubled time, in Lahore... under the starry sky... on the roof of a block of concubines... carefully hidden from the eyes of others... a boy called Kim was sneaking in.
It doesn't matter anymore. My eyes are much older than those glasses.
I saw it with my own eyes.
Kim looked into all his eyes... at the various wonders he had on this endless journey.
But if you dare to fall asleep in front of me, you must be punished.
The night has a lot of eyes, Colonel... sir.
The night is full of eyes.
There's only five cat eyes.
There are eight grenades... seven pearls... 13 blue stones... and five cat eyes.
- and six cat eyes.
You have to trust only your eyes... not those other words.
Remember... if someone asks you to look closely at something... and hypnotize you using eyes and hands like me... don't do that.
The second is tall, he has a scar across the left side of his face... from the very eye to the cheekbone.
Sabrig, I have seen with my own eyes the hand of the thief... in your Excellency's pocket.
I read it in his eyes.
He had a porter with him-- a guy with one eye and a scar on his cheek.
Did you notice the shape of his eyes?
I've only seen the same eyes in museums.
- A guy with one eye and a scar on his face.
- I didn't believe it.
Her face turned pale, she stared at me with glass eyes, her expression was as strong as the baby's.
Even now, when I think of his eyes, the blood is fading in his veins.
And here's what my beautiful wife said to the thug, in front of a helpless husband?
I saw them with my own eyes.
What eyes you have!
Same eyes.
Let me kiss your eyes before I go.
There was a time when they were the eyes of the world.
- I can tell with my eyes.
When I opened my eyes, the music was still playing.
Don't they have eyes?
Close your eyes.
Open your eyes.
Excuse me, madam. The shadow above the left eye is not exactly flat.
- Miss Desmond. It's me, Pig Eye.
- Hey, Pig Eye.
Pig Eye, turn the light where it was.
On my hands, on my face, on my eyes.
Loxley's name is visible in his absence.
Why are you looking at your eyes?
Tell me, young man, your eyes look very painful.
Are your eyes okay?
Your eyes look awful.
She was at the concert for the first time, so then her eyes burned for two days.
I couldn't take my eyes off you when I saw you.
There's a girl who sponsors me, she's really good at helping me, but... she's got her eye on me.
We can look into your eyes when there's a clear sky above you.
The brown eyes, the whirlwind brown hair.
I felt like I'd seen your eyes somewhere before.
I thought I saw your eyes.
How's my eyes?
With my eyes?
The eyes of a man who has suffered, alone, for a long time.
His eyes were like, "Why should I put up with such pain?"
His eyes seemed ready to burst and bleed.
I turned my eyes aside.
Sometimes your eyes are almost the same as that boy.
I saw a couple of eyes in the crowd, just like yours.
Whose eyes?
To prove it, he cut his finger off in front of me.
He even had tears in his eyes.
I felt like I'd seen your eyes somewhere before.
I thought I saw your eyes.
How's my eyes?
With my eyes?
The eyes of a man who has suffered, alone, for a long time.
His eyes were like, "Why should I put up with such pain?"
His eyes seemed ready to burst and bleed.
I turned my eyes aside.
Sometimes your eyes are almost the same as that boy.
You have very unusual eyes.
Artists have good eyes.
Look at her looking into his eyes-- that's the most passionate courtesy.
I can see it in their eyes.
I'm afraid to look into your eyes... but you look into mine and tell me you love me.
And I'd like to see it with your eyes.
Look me in the eye and tell me...
It's like he was my eyes.
So modest that I can't take my eyes off you...
They won't say it in the eye... but that's the real reason she came back.
- Her eyes, her hands, her voice...
I saw in her eyes the desire for me to die.
He can't go through with it when he closes his eyes.
Open your eyes and look at all this good.
The feathers, the fur, look at how much she's done to put dust in her eyes.
I hope he has eyes like these candles, like two blue candles... on a white pie.
I can see it in my eyes.
I figured you out from the beginning! Trying to put dust in my eyes.
I have eyes and ears and feelings.
Didn't I tell you about your beautiful blue eyes?
Honey, you got circles under your eyes, you probably do a lot of things.
Look at those eyes. Show me your teeth, señor.
She has the same eyes as her criminal father.
But he has eyes! His eyes are so beautiful!
Thank you, Andre, you opened my eyes... showed me how wrong I was living.
This politician is dusting in the eyes.
You've seen the more handsome eyes of the beloved woman San Marcos, the beautiful woman of San Marcos.
If I close my eyes, I can swear I can hear his father.
Eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow, eyebrow! Eye, eye, eye!
Eye?
- His eyes.
- I'd love to poke your eyes out.
Starting today, this man's gonna lose his face.
I'm afraid he might lose one eye.
Close your eyes, and I will create... a miracle.
How long do I have to sit with my eyes closed?
Because, sir knight, we Saxons are used to hiding fire from outside eyes.
If you wipe your eyes, you'll realize that this black knight is worth watching.
- Get out of my face or I'll crush you like a ripe plum!
At the castle of Torkilston, I saw with my own eyes how she climbed into the tallest tower and heard her summon the forces of darkness.
Rebecca, the court will turn a blind eye to your words.
Beautiful eyes without those glasses.
- She smiles with her eyes.
It proves my theory that evil exists only in the eyes of the observer.
Her eyes say there are things worse than cold and hungry.
He opened his eyes.
I saw his eyes full of tears.
When he finally came home with his shiny eyes, he said to me:
- The sirens, in the tone of my eyes!
- In the tone of your eyes, please.
I can't sleep my eyes.
She can't be seen with her naked eye, but she's clearly seen with a macrometer.
And the message wasn't incomplete. The miracle we witnessed purified our souls and opened our eyes.
Your beautiful eyes were shining in me.
Maybe she'll disappear if I close my eyes.
I want to look him in the eye.
I'm willing to close my eyes if I get my own!
She's a record keeper at the hospital, she has blonde hair, blue eyes, she weighs 150 pounds, sleeps in her pajamas, cooks well and doesn't ask questions!
"Wake up, my love, wake up and get up, sunshine outside your eyes," or something like that.
And along with the Bible, he disappeared from people's eyes.
Why can't I take my eyes off her all night?
I couldn't take my eyes off her.
You're looking to improve your courtship technique.
Close your eyes, and I'll banish your headache.
To your beautiful eyes, Phyllis.
I just closed my eyes for a minute.
You know, with the traces of tears around your eyes and mustard on your nose...
And see tears... out of eyes that can't see anything...
This eye... never closes.
- Your eyes are gonna cry?
I have an eye for people like him.
I went out to the front of the gazebo, and he looked up and said,
Look me in the eye.
Anyone with eyes would understand that.
I think you'll like my eyes.
And looks in love with Rinardo's eyes.
I reached for him and here, the edge of my eyes, I notice...
Right in the eye.
Look at those eyes!
I want my eyes popped.
What do you mean, our mom is the sunshine of our sweet eyes?
I'm not gonna sleep.
I'm sorry, I'm terribly uncomfortable talking about this, but I'm getting more dizzy in front of my eyes.
Her revelations to your reporter in private. It's gonna be absolutely spicy details.
I looked through all my eyes, look at me.
♪ until your eyes start crying ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Your eyes are shameless!
♫ Div didn't see a human eye like that ♫ ♫
He's got a bad eye. You're all gonna die!
Remember, Wilson, in the eyes of Grafton, everything must look legal.
Before my eyes close.
Do you have eyes? If they tell you I'm a shoe, will you believe me and brush me with a brush?
In fact, I'll say he finally opened everyone's eyes.
I didn't sleep my eye all night.
Your eyes, your ears, your mouth, it's all mine."
Today, young people can kill their parents without blinking their eyes.
First, about 40 years, 175 pounds, dark hair, brown eyes.
...about 40 years, five feet, ten inches, 175 pounds, dark hair, brown eyes, wearing a gray suit and a gray hat.
Blonde hair, blue eyes.
Blonde hair, blue eyes.
Blonde hair, blue eyes.
Or velvet eyes?
- Your feet don't walk and your eyes don't see!
My parents didn't believe their eyes when they saw Hansel and Gretel running towards them with a goose, a squirrel and a deer!
Cashnor planted the magic powder and the manuscript so they could get caught in Calife's eyes.
Look at the bags you've got under your eyes!
I got blindfolded, but when the car stopped, I heard that the other one kept driving.
It came out of darkness, with one eye, bright as a lighthouse.
I'd like to see all these miracles with my own eyes.
The strange twilight world opened up to my eyes, I felt like a pioneer on a foreign planet, a stranger who broke the peace of a mysterious sea garden.
And don't make big eyes.
Although he seemed calmed down, I knew he needed eyes and eyes.
I find it hard to believe in my eyes how a man could think and do such a thing.
You can see it with your own eyes.
I can only judge by what I saw with my own eyes.
He's only got one vulnerable spot between his eyes.
We can look white in the eyes of our land.
- With my own eyes.
His words are a cloud of smoke in front of his eyes.
If you stick to this, your reputation could be... hurt in the eyes of public opinion.
Please close your eyes.
- Keep an eye on him.
I'm sure there must be a good reason for you to escape, but make sure you don't get arrested in front of me.
These sprained eyes...
- Just the eyes.
All the men I know have eyes, but none have brains.
Did you get something in your eye?
- I can't take my eyes off him.
- I need to talk to Eric in private.
In the eyes of our mothers, we remain children forever, Mrs. Berling.
But the sun was shining in my eyes...
Look at the truth.
In front of Viennese?
He's imagining. But his eyes are different.
Yeah, eyes.
To beautiful eyes?
To the eyes and the silence.
In the past, the peeper had his eyes peeled out with a hot poker.
And Lisa is the right woman for any man who has half a brain and one eye.
I know someone said it was a pleasure, and now you've opened your eyes to the bitter truth.
- Your eyes are red.
Didn't anyone in the whole neighborhood put their eyes on her like that?
Has anyone seen his wife get on the train?
Did anyone, including you, see with their own eyes how she was killed?
Jeff, if someone came in here, he wouldn't believe his own eyes. - What?
You have eyes like a grasshopper.
You can see it in the doctor's eyes. You'll be fine soon.
You came to me in front of the whole village.
Gentlemen don't have an affair with maids in front of their mothers!
- The 20th century? Tie my eyes off, give me a hat, and I'll get a better century out of it!
Did you put your eye on the teacher?
Kayano, keep an eye on her!
I saw it with my own eyes. A long time ago, when you were kids, our village was burned by the bandits.
He killed a man in front of me.
In doing so, they hypocrite and lie with innocent eyes.
Have your eyes fallen ill, dear colleague?
Why are you looking at me with such crazy eyes? Nicole bought it, didn't she?
He was brunette, thin, with dark eyes.
Can I look at his correspondence in the back of my eye?
Black hair... eyes?
Just close my eyes, I think I see him coming in.
All right, we'll travel, we'll go where the eyes look.
He's got eyes!
Look at the truth.
A child with wild eyes, what was I like bringing coffee to Walgreens, screaming about the sad state of the theater?
I'm sorry I'm talking to my eyes closed, but I can see better.
You get drunk, or you stick a pencil in your eyes.
Like my favorite girl's eyes.
Our goal is to see what prehistoric life was like... and we're lucky to be able to see it with our own eyes.
The king called his wife and asked her to look him in the eye, but... she put them down and... the king thought it was a sign of guilt.
For example, when I see a regiment, a detailed banner, I feel someone coming up to my throat... and my eyes are filled with tears!
Who helps of his own free will, blessed in the eyes of God
It was impossible for Adolf Hitler. Did you see his eyes?
I think your eyes are glittering naturally.
Close your eyes and listen.
When your eyes are closed, everything seems achievable.
And what do you think is possible when you close your eyes?
However, they were hard beans, they started growing right in front of their eyes, growing and growing.
Just close your eyes.
I sleep with one open eye. I'm afraid someday she's gonna stab me in my sleep.
Or am I an old dog who lies and dies until her eyes close?
I haven't slept all night.
In one book, he says he's driving in a car and he's got eyes on him.
Then he goes out with two beautiful twins and they put their eyes on him.
Then he comes to a beautiful lady from the highest world and she puts her eyes on him.
They close their eyes and walk without looking at their feet.
I've seen sadness and melancholy in your eyes for days, and here's what happened...
You're condoning a child in a bad way, and I have to look people in the eye.
It's not a sight for my poor eyes!
Look at those bloody eyes.
On the surface are clear eyes and stone health like yours.
God, how am I supposed to look her in the eye?
Even horses have shrugs in front of their eyes.
Right in the eye.
- You can see that from your skin and eyes.
You have to close your eyes, pull the drum, point the blow into your temple and pull the trigger.
Close your eyes.
You saw me in a difficult position with a corpse on your hands, and you risked turning a blind eye to it if you could put it that way.
They'll be my ears, my eyes, until your world is mine.
And since I see all your secret actions, I'll be known as the monster with a million eyes.
I took the minds of birds and animals, used their brains and eyes against you.
Is this Louise in front of you?
I wouldn't say this place is too shielded from the outside eyes.
Apparently, Tony, there's a reason he's keeping an eye on you.
He's keeping an eye on you. Even more...
He has more than two eyes.
These are the windows from which life has passed away, in which the poor eyes have no power.
Get out of my sight!
Oh, honey, your eyes are poison to me.
From my eyes they wiped out tears, shamed, salty, childish, from eyes that did not know pityful tears.
And when the faces of all were as the trees were in the rain: and in that hour my sad eyes were filled with tears,
Goddamn days are a mess, a mess, how many of you my eyes have seen!
I swear that he would not be wronged here, but would have been recited in his eyes.
As soon as I can, I'll cheat and help you in battle, but now I can't stand in your ranks, otherwise your brother George will be executed immediately in front of his father.
And whatever you do, don't take your eyes off her.
- I'm gonna close my eyes, but I'm not gonna fall asleep yet.
Look me in the eye and tell me the truth...
- It happened in front of me this time.
Why did you close your eyes? I don't know.
You can only catch him if you open your eyes.
When Ed opens his eyes, he may not recognize any of you.
So that when he opened his eyes and saw us, he would know that we believed in him.
The lamp's upstairs, you idiot, it's right in my eyes.
He's keeping an eye on you.
Juan, look at me... look me in the eye and answer me... do you love me?
No one blinked before they asked Mexico for it.
Bob Dace, look me in the eye.
And now I see Jett Rink... no fear of opposition, no hard work, his eyes far away, the goal he's working on, planning, thinking,
But none of this raised you in my eyes as high as when you were lying on the floor at the diner.
This day opened my eyes.
You know, I often thought a gangster in the eyes of a crowd... looked like an artist.
Look me in the eye and say it again.
They're standing in front of me.
Here's another 10 dumbass and get out of my sight.
You heard me, get out of my sight, and shut up!
Or they'll beat her to death in front of you!
You'll see for the last time, then your eyes won't see the light anymore.
The blade slowly passes right in front of a man's eyes.
