It's easy to get things like this because the warders are blind to them.
Your eyes, your...
The eye.
The eye.
I can see it in his eyes, okay?
When I looked into his eyes, I saw that look,
She couldn't even look me in the eye.
Your eyes are running.
In military training, we were often taught to watch the expression of our eyes.
Seems like you can't control your eyes.
Eyes!
Show Jessica signs of attention, pay her compliments in front of her father, and when he can't get his eyes off her, he's gone.
A woman like me, but I can read eyes and gestures. Someone who could be killed at any moment.
Eyes and gestures?
And your excuses in the eyes of the world - the teachers and students of Yoshioka school - will be a laughingstock.
♪ It's dark in my eyes ♪
I just want to look into Greg's eyes and feel this moment!
I saw it with my own eyes.
Besides, he makes my eyes cry.
Kids were born with no hands, no legs, no nose, no eyes, and that's just the ones who survived.
I ask myself that every morning when I open my eyes.
You can have blue eyes like one of your parents and blonde or red hair like the other.
Katie doesn't have an eye and no poop, and when I come to visit her, I look at her hands in a special way, and I think she recognizes me.
Turn on the maximum increase, concentrate and just look me in the eye.
♪ My eyes are closed and my mouth is open ♪
"I tried Kodiac and looked him in the eye, and I just couldn't go on like this."
Keep your eyes on her.
Of the remaining six, only one fits the size of a stolen helicopter, hidden from the outside eye, and repaired.
Say something to your wife dying in front of you.
It's more than reality, available to me.
And after some time, I was one of the students walking out of the room and saying, "Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
His eyes were filled with eternity, and deep as a well.
The eyes of Ma Drum's mummy are in four parts by Hans Crawley and Emile Ramo.
Live eyes.
Live eyes.
Send me Lieutenant Armand de Fua. Tie his eyes off and don't tell him my name. Countess Duberry.
I will open the King's eyes! Let him know who he has given his bounty to!
You distract him, Mitzi-- dance with him, talk to him-- don't take your eyes off him!
He saw himself in someone else's eyes, and the painting wasn't pleasant.
I saw him with my own eyes!
Father, please open your eyes.
Heaven before my eyes
Clean your onions, your eyes will wash themselves.
You start fighting in front of a detective!
I mean, your eyes... they glow like pants in a blue Serge suit.
Right from here, on this precinct, we're gonna build an eye and ear clinic.
She's gonna be a lookout for the eyes.
There are all sorts of dark personalities in the vicinity... that need eyes and eyes.
Or the glory of the uniform in the eyes of the young lady... is it something to be embarrassed about?
My eyes!
My eyes!
Ah, but think of her beautiful eyes! - Oh!
I looked him right in the eye and told him if he didn't marry me, I'd shoot myself.
And don't yell like the first time you get in your eye.
I can't fall in this guy's eyes.
Only your eyes look up.
Open your eyes, darling.
Open your eyes, darling.
He'll open your eyes and you'll be able to see again.
I want you all to close your eyes for a minute.
Oh, my God... Please send light to those eyes I can't see.....in the world of faith that I.....
Not with your eyes, but look at my face.
I just want you to be my eyes.
Until I see it, I don't believe it, I've always said it. I wouldn't believe it if I didn't see it with my own eyes.
And your eyes are blue.
"Jacob lifted up his eyes and saw Isaiah."
You can't even imagine. I've seen it without taking my eye out.
- I'll beat it with my eyes closed.
I put my eye on that big box of candy.
But what you did in the eyes of the law is extortion.
I'm trying to open your eyes.
But now the unknown wears your face... and looks at me with your eyes.
Then turn your eyes aside.
The moment I laid my eye on you, I knew you had a good heart.
I'll teach that bastard Jekyll if he ever finds himself in my eyes again.
- I need to see for myself that he's safe.
Step aside... or put a curse on your eyes and your soul... that would shake the devil himself?
I can't believe it.
Keep your eyes open and keep me posted.
Your eyes, for example.
Look, Gerchard, I wouldn't take my eyes off these guys.
Look, the eyes are still open.
I'm tired. The eyes are sticking.
He was lying there with his eyes open.
This town is full of wives who, when they closed their eyes, jumped into the abyss, and now they're asking for help.
I can't take my eyes off him.
I see fatigue in these beautiful eyes.
- She has a sharp eye.
Did you see his eyes today?
It's like running with your eyes closed.
You know, I can't believe my eyes.
The tone of his voice, Satan's glitter in the eyes of his hot breath on her cheek, completely disarmed.
I know you're awake. Your eyes are open.
Average height and build, dark hair and eyes.
- But you do realize that my eyes are bright, don't you?
I looked into her eyes.
Stupid bastards, they can't return fire to those eyes.
I can't stand these empty wide open eyes.
No, give life to her eyes and a smile to her mouth.
What do you think you'll see in her eyes when the consciousness returns to her?
Better hate than that terrible emptiness in her eyes.
I should have understood this outcome from his eyes.
Look what you're doing, stabbing this thing into people's eyes and blinding them.
Look in the eye, old lady:
However, it may give me some respect in the eyes of your children.
I'm never gonna be able to look people in the eye anymore...
Eyes and eyes, no matter how much someone steals.
- Who do you believe more: me or your eyes?
Who does he think he is when he makes me a joke in the eyes of my people?
Keep an eye on them, Seymour.
Here's one, it's covered in rocks, so the eyes are blind.
Open your mouth and close your eyes.
You come down right in front of your eyes, and you're freaking out about it.
And remember, there's nothing else you can get, and don't look me in the eye.
Her eyes made it clear that she was using drugs.
Professor Topaz has eyes on the back of his head.
Sometimes he looks at me with some jackass look, and although he seems to listen carefully and his eyes are wide open, he sleeps, madam.
I can't believe it.
Well, why don't you give him an eye, Eddie?
Are you closing your eyes?
Close my eyes?
When you were a smile on your mother's lips and a spark in your father's eyes, I loved you back then.
You were in my heart and I waited for the stork when you were a smile on your mother's lips and a spark in my father's eyes.
I need eyes everywhere.
Lift my eyes, if it's not Romeo, our sponsor himself.
Your eyes are dazzling.
Look into my eyes.
When I'm with you, I see the depth in your eyes that looks like the worlds that I go to in my sleep, and behind your words, the sound that I heard in my sleep.
Then in front of the bastards, I pee...
I suggest you open your eyes, Corporal.
"When a guy looks me in the eye"
Your eyes are the same.
Curious eyes annoy me.
Can I wash my face without an eye?
Put your hair below your eye and unbutton your blouse.
His eyes could undress every girl in the house.
It'll make us look ridiculous in the eyes of others.
I want to see for myself what a celebration of love is.
I was just brilliant in my father's eyes.
But his eyes, the poor...
God, what were those eyes! When he turned his eyes like this, the whole circus died laughing.
Can you make a clown with those eyes?
This ambal ended up under an eye-broken table...
We can stop him. Open your eyes wide.
Are you seriously saying that this girl slapped you in front of everyone for no reason?
Don't let her out of your sight for a minute.
- Right between the eyes.
Put a raw steak on your eye.
When your eye's okay, we'll go to Madge's.
In private.
In your eyes, sir?
It's eye-to-eye, isn't it?
No, I can't kill him in front of a lady.
- Where the fuck do you think you're going?
I didn't believe my eyes.
- He grew up in front of me since he was a kid.
- Who's gonna remember the old one, that's right there.
Your eyes.
He saw me and couldn't believe his eyes.
He said, "Hello," like it was "Goodbye" and "Come with me" like, "Get out of my sight!"
And I swear I sometimes noticed in their eyes the desire to see me dead.
Nice face. Fun eyes.
But there was a mystery in her eyes this morning.
Brunette, wide forehead, thick eyebrows... beautiful eyes, curled nose on a triangular face almost tragic when she's serious and immediately childish when she smiles.
With such eyes, she may have been a Turkish woman or from Alexandria.
They both looked at me, wondering where they might have seen those eyes before, but they didn't recognize me.
Good, clear eyes looked at me.
Inspector, who noticed my behavior, my confusion, who started following us back at the bar, didn't take his eyes off us.
Thank you, sir. Let me say, sir, your condition is already improving in front of you.
And keep an eye on this guy Wooster.
I never thought it would be easy... I just closed my eyes.
He clearly lacks activity - circles under his eyes.
No, why don't you turn your back? Go in there and close your eyes.
And today I suddenly saw myself and these bedbugs that we live in, with the eyes of another man.
- You want to get it in your eye?
I'll recognize him in the eyes in a minute.
♪ R's for eyes ♪ ♪ glittering love ♪
She looked up and finally spoke.
Keep the light of love in your blue eyes.
- Is it okay to throw yourself in your eyes?
Why close blind eyes, you idiot?
A dump, an eyebrow, that's what it is!
He could easily have taken Pierrot when he deserted Kasbah, but closed his eyes.
What's wrong with your eyes?
He covered his eye and immediately opened it again.
Your eyes lit up every time the war was mentioned.
All your charms are gone if your head hurts and your eyes are tired.
There's been a confession in his eyes this week, and I intend to take him down tonight.
The eye didn't close.
- Run, run, where your eyes look!
The whipping, the beating, the piercing of the eyes, the burning of houses, the bullying of women.
- Our people can't even put hot iron in the eye of a cheater without being afraid to get an arrow in the back.
Pretty nasty sight for beautiful eyes like yours.
And now they're being tortured, their eyes ripped out, their tongues ripped out, their ears cut off.
- Anything for Robin who has eyes and ears everywhere?
The man who will fight them must have a falcon eye.
Look me in the eye!
This Indian Joe won't blink, he'll drown us like two kittens if we tell anyone.
Look me in the eye.
- How's your eye?
Father, you taught me how to face the truth.
Hey, Rock, watch out for her, she's got a bad eye.
I got something in my eye, would you look?
Shut your mouth and your eyes, okay?
I'll stop this company if I close my eyes and ears and shut up.
I close my palm and you leave. Do you understand?
You can only force me if you keep a shiny thing in front of my eyes and spin it.
I carefully targeted him and hit him right between his eyes.
Cat. Huge as a cow. With burning eyes.
Major Applegate, keep an eye on George!
Everything I've done today, I can do with my eyes closed.
Who's got a bad eye?
Dona Sol, it's getting dark in my eyes.
The associates behind the eyes called him
Mr. and Mrs. Hoffwater. Nice to meet you. What expressive eyes.
I was attracted to you, I only caught your eyes, and it became clear that there are things in you that please the eye, that make me sigh, and why I don't understand.
I can't take my eye off.
He looks at me like that, he strips his eyes off.
Open your eyes and look at me.
The cause of the past is dying before our eyes.
And how can you look me in the eye?
He left at the end of the first six months, if not earlier, and became more spirited and independent in my eyes.
Wipe your eyes.
Most babies are born with blue eyes.
- I see you've got your eye on her.
But you can see the devastation in your eyes...
♪ I'm squeezing in front of my eyes ♪
Because of the constant moaning, I didn't sleep.
I was good at seeing him, I'm doing what he's doing. I assure you, if you closed your eyes, you wouldn't be able to tell us apart.
As long as you're at Ingleborg, I'll keep an eye on you.
His Grace doesn't like to shoot when the sun blinds his eyes.
The squirrels of the eyes are clean.
You change in front of your eyes.
You liked the squirrels of my eyes.
If you close your eyes and just listen to each other, we'll end up in Paris.
Let's not close our eyes.
One day you'll wake up and notice that the concierge's daughter has beautiful eyes.
I'll close my eyes and believe anything I want.
Next time, if she starts, come over and give her an eye.
You can open your eyes.
Wipe your eyes and hear the words: ding-dong...
Wipe your eyes and hear the words: ding-dong...
I can fight when I close my eyes.
Look at the circles under my eyes.
And the eyes under the color of the dress are possible?
I can't believe it!
Then close your eyes and snap your heels three times. And think of yourself:
- Your eyes were open, too.
The second I looked into your amazing eyes, I realized I was dead.
Your eyes.
Your amazing eyes."
If he looks into my eyes again, I'll show him the hurricane in the pampas.
I don't believe my eyes.
Well, Ricardo, my eyes aren't the same as when I was young, but she's young and beautiful, like a flower.
Whoever remembers the old ones, they're out there.
He was lying at the foot of the stairs with his crazy eyes out.
"Cuba is truly an island of love, where señoritas with shiny eyes, seasoned with onions and half of garlic, for all 50 cents."
.......................................................................
..where señoritas with shiny eyes, red, yellow and green lights to adjust motion..
Sometimes you meet them, blindly wandering around with dead eyes, following orders that don't know what they're doing.
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes.
Eyes must be closed during prayer, old!
The cheek hurts. But the eyes are intact.
Keep an eye on them.
Wonderful! Tomenia is a nation of blonds with blue eyes!
Beautiful. We'll also put him here next to your bust. And he's gonna feel like you're keeping an eye on him.
You're gonna go hunting to get your eyes out.
If we meet anyone, don't look around. Let's put dust in our eyes.
- With brown eyes.
I was hit in the eye with a flashlight.
What do you want to do? How am I gonna look Bruce in the eye?
♪ And I dream of your eyes ♪
In addition to this map, I have seen with my own eyes documents that make it clear that the gift is hidden somewhere in these dilapidated walls, as you call them, along with other documents, by Colonel Jeffrey Pinchen's hand!
Then look into my eyes and see you're still beautiful.
How am I supposed to look these good people in the eye?
With blindfolded eyes.
You just can't admit your defeat in the eyes of the public.
Your eyes must have been wide open to find a place like this.
You've got a sore in your eye, your eyes are fucked.
Whiskey hits your head, and champagne gives you thick fog in front of your eyes.
It's the greatness that comes from your eyes, the voice,..
You have tears in your eyes.
I'm probably gonna scratch her eyes out.
I have eyes, imagination, don't I?
I guess I overheated in the sun yesterday, and my eyes don't open.
- We'll open your eyes first.
- Now my eyes are open!
- Maybe we should rip our eyes off, too, sir?
Come on, Dexter. I know a mixture that's gonna drive a dead Irishman out of his sight.
Why don't we swing something to open our eyes?
My eyes are already open.
Now close your eyes and sleep.
Two big monsters. With eyes like that.
Close your eyes. What do you see?
- Open your eyes.
- Of course, madam! I've always heard of balls in Mandley, and now I'm gonna see him with my own eyes.
I saw his face, his eyes.
Now look me in the eye and tell me you still love me.
No, thank you, Fritz. And I'd rather they didn't get caught in Mr. De Winter's eyes.
She said, "No, it's expensive," but she couldn't take her eyes off.
"Do you have blue eyes or brown eyes?
...that will open your eyes, but I'm afraid you won't understand them.
I'm sick, everything's floating in front of my eyes like I'm on a carousel!
And where you say "old maiden," he says, "in your eyes the fire and the mystery shines."
Think about it: in two and a half weeks, not a single buyer in front of his eyes.
...that I can't take my eyes off you.
It's about what I saw with my own eyes.
All I know is that he's got big eyes on his way out, and he's wearing a pretty long white scarf.
The sprained eyes? - A long scarf? - Yes.
Have you seen a strange man here with big convex eyes, fat lips, and he wears a long white scarf?
Font color - " #e1e1e1" - I didn't sleep my eye last night, font color - " #e1e1e1" thinking about him.
Font color - " #e1e1e1" "He doesn't have either Boyer font color - " # e1e1e1e" nor Barrimor fon color - " # e1e1e1e" but I like him, font color - " # e1e1e1e1" Oh Boy, oh boy, oh boy
Okay, you're gonna need a second eye on the road.
Lana is Lana. Not in the eye, but in the eye.
You haven't slept all night.
I can barely close my eyes, I can see those two burning up in the cockpit.
I can't believe I'm Irish.
Get out of my sight so I don't see you!
It's called an electric eye.
Just because he has honest eyes?
- Close your eyes and pull.
I can't believe it!
Honey, the first time I saw you, I noticed the fear in your eyes.
Your eyes are so blue your heart is so sincere
Don't take it off until you see the tears in my eyes.
Not today or tomorrow you're gonna have to tick where your eyes look.
Your eyes will stop the beast faster than the sword of the knights.
I have given the word of honor to Mrs. Elena that the first bastard to be seen by my eyes, this sword, I will blow my head off!
Take her, keep your eyes open.
We have a girl here today, and she's gonna get so much attention that you girls can go and scratch her eyes out.
Go away until you're out of sight.
Tell me, did your whole life fly in front of you?
My whole life was flying in front of my eyes right now, and there were no meaningful pictures.
- For opening my eyes.
Get out of my sight right now!
That your eyes are wells of desire.
But don't close your eyes.
Get off my face. The cow is clumsy.
Ladies and gentlemen, the impossible is about to happen.
Let your eyes shine.
I can't believe it.
"The dreams of spring in her clear eyes."
Which hits her in the eyes.
I close my eyes.
- Don't look now... but it's leaking out of your eyes.
"I hereby bequeath all my belongings... to those who were with me at the last moment when the light was out in my eyes."
In fact, if you prefer a girl with healthy eyes or a girl with beautiful eyes who is blind as a bat?
I noticed your beautiful eyes the first time I saw you.
Don't take your eyes off the candle.
Look... one eye at this candle... the other eye at that... and the other eye at me.
I was hoping to see the light in your eyes.
Okay. From now on, you get a penny for every scratch on your face, six pence for a bruise, a shilling for a bruise under your eye, two shillings for a broken nose.
In my eyes and in my voice.
Your eyes don't see well during the day because of fighting in the ring.
- That eye was closer to being planted.
Did she have McGlennan's blue eyes?
And he must have seen the dark eyes, the mouth, like a bouton, and the figure, like Miss America, the dreams of the seamen.
Your eyes alone, and this particular vibration in your voice, especially when you say, "Be generous, Mr. Spade."
No enamel could hide what was underneath it from his eyes.
But when I realized that Floyd wouldn't be scared by it, I can't tell you that by looking into your eyes.
Instant death from a bullet in the left eye and then in the brain.
I rented an apartment with Goldez, and on the last night, he didn't sleep.
She entered into his eye and went out through the top of her head.
I always sign you a check with my eyes closed.
And she made him close his eyes and count to three before kissing her.
Trust your eyes, just your eyes.
They match her eyes.
In your eyes.
And if your eyes meet, she's gonna say yes.
Even though I saw it with my own eyes, I still don't believe it.
That you like the glitter of her beautiful eyes.
Just like any of us who have eyes to see.
- No laps under your eyes?
Maybe something's gonna fall in the eye.
- It's full of things to get your eyes hot.
I saw them with my own eyes.
"You're right, Mom." John Stupid went to the village with his eyes wide open to see everything.
I hit him in the eye.
What is it? You see, close your eyes.
Open up, nothing's gonna happen to your eyes.
Deep down in your beautiful brown eyes, sweetheart.
When he came out of the peak, we both had dark eyes.
They teach you to keep an eye on tiny devices.
Do I really have brown eyes?
To your eyes, baby.
To your eyes, baby!
It is not common for a man to behave heroically in front of his wife.
To your eyes, baby!
Well, to your eyes, baby!
Tell him not to get caught in those reporters' eyes.
The public in whose eyes Ethan Hoyt grew to the size of a national hero.
It's like the orchestra was playing in his heart and the devil in his eyes.
Gentlemen. I'm sorry you don't see it with my eyes.
A rope for them all, Mr. Cadvolleder, and brand them with crippled iron, hang them on every bitch, and shove their eyes out.
- Look right in the eyes.
If I was Craig, I wouldn't let that cute girl out of my sight.
I think it's time to look old senile in the eyes.
Madame, he grew up in front of me.
How do you feel about someone with a heart condition or something with their legs, their hands, their eyes?
That question literally looked me in the eye.
Tonight, my eyes must see well those in distress.
Now close your eyes...
Don't I have an eye or a hand?
Don't we have eyes, no hands, the same feelings, affections, passions?
Everything's racing in front of your eyes.
Raise your eyes.
Every time I close my eyes.
Well, beat his eye out with a cork, as usual.
Right in front of your eyes... I'm gonna ask you to lie in one of the sarcophagus... a woman who's gonna be brave enough to trust me.
Woe to those who need eyes to see.
- With your own eyes?
- Of course, with your own eyes.
Guys killed on ships, fish get fucked up.
- His right eye closed a month ago.
But if the other eye follows his example...
It's eye-browsing.
Her eyes were full of fear.
If all the frogs had such black eyes, such thin eyebrows and tender cheeks, I myself wouldn't mind becoming a "qua-qua" frog.
I was lame, humpbacks, and one eye crooked.
But now I've been sitting in a bag for two hours, and my hump is gone, my eye is clear and my leg is straight!
I'm also a humpback, a limp, and a one-eye curve.
And the eyes are so big!
I'm no longer fit for the Resistance: a lot of hate in my eyes.
Not in the eyebrow, but in the eye, Williams.
Something's in the eye.
- Your eyes.
Your Honor, this is an awful case, and I ask you to look at it with the eyes of a man who understands, not an intransigent judge.
All I need to know is to look Amy in the eye.
Look into my eyes, Mother.
I can't close my eyes.
I've been watching with your eyes, Keyes, trying to get rid of the questions you're gonna ask when you hear about Dietrichson's death.
If he could see everything with my eyes!
No hysterical, no tear, no eyeblink.
I put on my dark glasses, hiding my eyes.
We met her eyes, and it was the same look as it was then.
He could've gone out with me to take his eyes off.
She's got a bad eye.
Look me in the eye.
I can't keep an eye on you.
I can't keep an eye on you.
I knew it from his eyes.
It's embarrassing to look people in the eye!
Bring an angry glitter to your eyes.
I swear by Mass, before I close my eyes for the night, I will do good service or lie down with my bones.
Scratch their backs so that their blood may burst into the eyes of the enemy, and kill the English!
Tell them to come down, if they fight, or let them go, and do not let their eyes gulp.
The right back will burn, the black beard will grow, the beautiful face will be covered with wrinkles, and the shiny eyes will fade;
Don't get caught in his eyes!
I'm beginning to realize that they don't need me, and I feel cold sweat, and my head starts to groan, and I'm dizzy, dark spots in front of my eyes, and they say I have high blood pressure, but I'm always cold like ice!
He did all this in the eyes of the law.
That's why I can't see with my burnt eyes.
- Get out of here and out of my sight!
You didn't blink.
I saw it with my own eyes.
But that look in her eyes is so wonderfully happy.
My door is locked and in their eyes a strange look.
Right in front of me.
Beautiful brown eyes.
All the cows I saw had brown eyes.
Under cover or without, his eyes won't see us...
Doctor, can we talk in private?
I hope Kira's words are just fiction, but until I know for sure, I'm not gonna let you out of my sight.
Look her in the eye!
In the shroud, with the wings, her face in her eyes, death's anger...
Take off your mustache and put the makeup under your eyes.
Blue eyes, I thought you were talking, golden locos and so small that it only gets here how nice and when are you going to get married to her?
Van Steed seems to have had an eye on this French woman.
This trick, I inherited it from my husband when I caught him with a chorus girl. He kept denying everything, looking me right in the eye to the end, telling me that he didn't do it, believe in a little lie.
No, Eagle Eye.
Relax and close your eyes, gently, very slowly...
I looked up... it was Peter.
His face is calm, his eyes shine.
Another woman could read in your eyes the cause of your joys and fears.
I'll see her with your eyes.
It wasn't for beautiful eyes she married that scarecrow!
I can see them in your eyes.
If they leave, follow him. And keep an eye on him.
It's double in the eyes.
'Cause it would be nice if you went back to your wife who looked into your eyes.
Didn't you risk making your notes in front of your wife?
- My wife's eyes?
My wife's eyes can't see!
It's no use trying to lie to your eyes, you only hear words.
Fake as your eyes!
His face is calm, his eyes shine.
I got caught in the eye by a cute piece of property.
I kept my eye on the guy who counted them.
They think you don't want me to get caught in your eyes, and if I leave for a little while, then maybe it'll put my mind in order.
I can't sleep if we don't have our sheets.
Your father once grabbed a man like that and burned his eyes out.
I've heard that they have terrible blue eyes that look right into the soul.
You could've hit us in the eye!
Get your hands off her! You want to have a broken eye?
Beautiful, you don't have to look into my eyes.
And never look me in the eye.
But then I look into his eyes, which are filled with sadness, and I have to turn my back to keep from crying.
We'll rub our eyes with an onion and look like we were crying.
Well, Geiger's a little over 40, medium height, massive, a little bit full, Charlie Chen's mustache, well dressed, wearing a black hat, pretending to be a great antiques expert, and I think he's got a glass left eye.
You could all know if you saw it with your own eyes or in the picture. You took the picture knowing when and where it was taken.
