It was a dry, yellow, black, shiny-eyed, painful and nervous woman.
She loved Kitty, and her love for her, like always the love of married girls, was expressed in her desire to marry Kitty by virtue of her ideal of happiness, so she wanted to marry her.
Levin, whom she often met at the beginning of winter, was always displeased with her.
Her constant and favorite activity in meeting him was to make fun of him.
'I love it when he looks at me from the height of his majesty: either he stops his clever conversation with me because I am foolish, or he forgives me.'
I love it so much, it's condescending to me!
I'm very glad he hates me,' she said about him.
She was right because Levin really couldn't stand her and despised her for what she was proud of and for what she had done for herself -- for her nervousness, for her subtle contempt and indifference to all rude and lifelike things.
Nordston and Levin were often treated in the light of the fact that two people, in their appearance in friendly relationships, despise each other to such an extent that they could not even seriously--but treat each other and cannot even be insulted by one another.
Countess Nordston immediately attacked Levin.
'Ah! Constantin Dmitrich!
She came to our depraved Babylon again,' she said, giving him a tiny yellow hand and remembering his words one day at the beginning of winter that Moscow was Babylon. 'What, did Babylon change or did you fail?' 'She added, laughing at Kitty.
'I am very flattered, Countess, that you remember my words so much,' answered Levin, who was able to recover, and now, as a matter of habit, entered into his hilarious attitude toward Countess Nordston. 'That's right, they're working very hard on you.
'Oh, my God! I'm recording everything.
So, Kitty, did you skate again?
And she started talking to Kitty.
As embarrassing as it was for Levin to leave now, it was easier for him to do this awkward thing than to stay all night and see Kitty, who occasionally looked at him and avoided his eyes.
He wanted to get up, but the Princess, when she noticed that he was silent, turned to him:
'How long have you come to Moscow?'
You seem to be doing the world's work, and you can't do it for long.
'No, Princess, I don't do land anymore,' he said. 'I came for a few days.
'Something special with him,' thought Countess Nordston, looking into his strict, serious face,'something he does not engage in his reasoning.
But I'll get him out. I love to make a fool of him in front of Kitty, and I will."
'Constantin Dmitrich,' she said to him, 'tell me what it means, please, 'you all know that,' we have all the men and all the women in the village of Calugian who drank what they had, and now they're not paying us anything.
What does that mean?
You always praise men.
At that time, the lady entered the room, and Levin stood up.
'Excuse me, Countess, but I don't really know any of this, nor can I tell you anything,' he said, and looked back at the woman of the military who came in after him.
"It has to be Vronsky," thought Levin, and to make sure, he looked at Kitty.
She had already had time to look at Vronsky and looked back at Levin.
And by one look, Levin's involuntarily shining eyes realized that she loved this man, and he understood as well as if she had told him that in words.
But what kind of person is that?
Now, if it was good or bad, Levin couldn't help but stay, he needed to know what kind of person she loved.
There are people who, when they meet their happy rival in anything, are ready to turn their backs on all the good things that are in it and see one bad thing in it; there are people who, on the contrary, want most to find in this happy rival the qualities that he has defeated them by seeking in it, with the stinging pain in the heart of one good thing.
Levin belonged to such people.
But it wasn't hard for him to find the good and the attractive ones in Vronsk.
It threw itself into his eyes.
He was a small, dense brunette, with a good-hearted, beautiful, extremely calm, and firm face.
In his face and figure, from short-cut black hair and freshly shaved chin to wide from the needle of a new uniform, everything was simple and graceful together.
On the way to the lady who came in, he went to the Princess and then to Kitty.
As he approached her, his beautiful eyes were particularly glittering, and with a little bit of a happy and humble smile (as Levin seemed), respectfully and carefully leaning over her, he reached out to her with his small but wide hand.
When he said hello to everyone and said a few words, he sat down without ever looking down at Levin.
'Let me introduce you,' said the Princess, pointing to Levin. 'Constantin Dmitrich Levin. Count Alexey Kirillovich Wronsky.
He stood up and, looking friendlyly into Levin's eyes, shook his hand.
'I thought I was supposed to have lunch with you this winter,' he said, smiling with his simple and open smile, 'but you suddenly left for the village.
'Constantin Dmitrich despises and hates the city and us, citizens,' said Countess Nordston.
'My words must have a strong effect on you that you remember them so much,' said Levin, and remembering that he had said it before, he blushed.
He looked at Levin and Countess Nordston and smiled.
'Are you always in the village?' 'He asked.' 'I think it's boring in winter?'
'It is not boring to have classes or to be bored with yourself,' Levin replied sharply.
'I love the village,' he said, observing and pretending that he did not notice Levin's tone.
'But I hope the Count would not agree to live in the village forever,' said Countess Nordston.
'I don't know, I haven't tried much.'
I felt a strange feeling,' he continued. 'I have never missed a village, a Russian village, with lapties and men as much as I have lived with my mother in the winter in Nice.
Nice is boring on her own, you know.
And Naples, Sorrento's only good for a short time. And that's where Russia is particularly vividly remembered, and it's the village...
They're just like...
He spoke to Kitty and Levin, and turned his calm and friendly look from one to another," he said, obviously, what came to mind.
Noticed that Countess Nordston wanted to say something, he stopped. and listened carefully to her.
The conversation did not stop for a moment, so that the old princess, who always had a reserve, in the event of a lack of a subject, two heavy weapons: classical and real education and common military service, did not have to put them forward, and Countess Nordston did not have to mock Levin.
Levin wanted and could not enter into a general conversation; every minute he said to himself, "Now leave", he did not leave, waiting for something.
The conversation came about spinning tables and spirits, and Countess Nordston, who believed in spiritism, began to tell the miracles she had seen.
'Oh, Countess, take me to them, for God's sake!
I've never seen anything extraordinary, though I look everywhere,' said Vronsky, smiling.
'All right, next Saturday,' answered Countess Nordston. 'But you, Constantin Dmitrich, believe? 'She asked Levin.'
'Why are you asking me?
You know what I'm gonna say.
'But I want your opinion.'
'My only opinion is,' answered Levin, 'that these spinning tables prove that the so-called educated society is no higher than men.
They believe in the eyes, and in the spoils, and in the coups, and we...
'Well, you don't believe it?
'I can't believe it, Countess.
'But if I saw it myself?'
'And the women tell us how they saw the houses themselves.'
'So you think I'm lying? And she wasn't laughing funny.
'No, Masha, Konstantin Dmitrich says he can't believe it,' said Kitty, blushing for Levin, and Levin understood it and, more annoyingly, wanted to answer it, but when he had his open, fun smile he now came to the aid of a conversation threatening to become unpleasant.
'Do you not allow opportunity at all?' 'He asked.' 'Why not?'
We allow the existence of electricity that we don't know; why there can't be a new power that we don't know yet, which...
'When the electricity was found,' quickly interrupted Levin, 'it was only a public phenomenon, and it was unknown where it came from and what it produced, and centuries passed before they thought of its application.
The spirits, on the other hand, began by writing tables to them, and the spirits came to them, and then began to say that it was the power of the unknown.
He listened carefully, as he had always listened, with obvious interest in his words.
'Yes, but the spirits say: Now we don't know what force it is, but there is power, and that's the way it works.
And let the scientists reveal what that power is.
No, I can't see why it can't be a new force if it's...
'And so,' interrupted Levin, 'that every time you rub your tar on wool, there is a known phenomenon, not every time it's not natural.
Perhaps when he felt that the conversation was too serious for the living room, he did not object, but in an effort to change the subject, he smiled and turned to the ladies.
'Let's try now, Countess,' he began, but Levin wanted to prove what he thought.
'I think,' he continued, 'that this attempt by spirits to explain their miracles by some new force was the worst.
They speak directly about the power of the spirits and want to experience it materially.
Everyone was waiting for him to finish, and he felt it.
'And I think you'll make a great psychic,' said Countess Nordston, 'there's something exciting about you.
Levin opened his mouth, wanted to say something, blushed and said nothing.
'Let us now, Princess, test the tables, please,' said Wronsky. 'The Princess, will you allow me?' And Vronsky stood up looking for a table with his eyes.
Kitty stood at the table and, passing by, met Levin with her eyes.
She felt sorry for him with all her soul, especially since she felt sorry for him in the misery that she was the cause of.
"If I can be forgiven, I am sorry," said her look, "I am so happy."
"I hate everyone, and I hate you and myself," answered his eyes, and he took his hat.
But it wasn't his destiny to leave.
They just wanted to settle at the table, and Levin left, as the old prince came in and said hello to the ladies, and turned to Levin.
'Ah!' he began to rejoice. 'How long has it been?'
I didn't know you were here.
It's really good to see you.
The old prince sometimes "you", sometimes "you" told Levin. He hugged Levin and, speaking to him, he did not notice him, who stood up and waited calmly for the prince to return to him.
Kitty felt that after what had happened, his father's courtesy was hard for Levin.
She also saw how cold her father was, finally, responding to the Bronski bow, and how he looked at her father with a friendly perplexity, trying to understand and not understand how and for what it was possible to be unfriendly to him, and she turned red.
'Prince, let us go of Constantin Dmitrich,' said Countess Nordston. 'We want to do experience.
'What experience? Do you want me to turn the tables around?
Well, excuse me, ladies and gentlemen, but I think it's funnier to play in the ring,' said the old prince, looking at Vronsky and guessing that he was up to it. 'There's still a point in the ring.
He looked with surprise at the Prince with his firm eyes and immediately smiled and spoke to Countess Nordston about next week's big ball.
'I hope you will?' 'He turned to Kitty.
As soon as the old prince turned his back on him, Levin undetected himself, and the last impression he had given from this evening was the smiling, happy face of Kitty, who answered his question about the ball.
When the evening was over, Kitty told her mother about her conversation with Levin, and despite all the pity she felt for Levin, she was pleased that an offer had been made to her.
She had no doubt that she did the right thing. But she couldn't sleep in bed for long.
One impression haunted her irresistiblely.
It was Levin's face, with his eyebrows stuffed, and sombre-dreaming, looking under them with good eyes, as he stood, listening to his father, and looking at her, and at Bronski. And she felt so sorry for him that her tears turned on her eyes.
But immediately she thought about who she was trading him for.
She remembered this courageous, firm face, this noble calm, and all the kindness of all; she remembered the love for herself of the one she loved, and she was happy again in her soul, and with a smile of happiness she lay on the pillow. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but what can I do?
It was not my fault,' she said to herself; but the inner voice said otherwise to her. Whether she regretted that Levin was attracted or that she refused, she did not know.
But her happiness was poisoned by doubt. "My Lord, have mercy, my Lord, have mercy." 'She spoke of herself when she fell asleep.'
At that time, in the Prince's small office, there was one of the often repeated scenes between parents for their beloved daughter.
'What?
That's it! The prince screamed, waving his hands and immediately smelling his blushing robe. 'The fact that you have no pride, no dignity, that you shame, destroy your daughter with this hoarding, vile, stupid!
'Oh, have mercy, for God's sake, Prince, what have I done? 'The Princess said, almost crying.'
She, happy, satisfied after talking to her daughter, came to the Prince to say goodbye by custom, although she did not intend to tell him about Levin's offer and Kitty's refusal, but she hinted to her husband that she felt that she was completely out of business with Wronski that it would decide as soon as his mother arrived.
And then, to those words, the prince suddenly burst into flames and started screaming indecent words.
'What have you done?'
First of all, you lure the fiancé, and all of Moscow will speak, and it's reasonable.
If you're making evenings, call everyone, not the chosen bridesmaids.
Call all these titties (so the prince called Moscow's young men), call the taper, let the dance, not as today's, the bridegroom, and drive.
It's disgusting, it's disgusting, and you've got the girl's head swerved.
Levin is a thousand times better man.
And this is a peterburg frantic, they're made in a car, they're all on the same page, and they're all crap.
Even if he's a prince of blood, my daughter doesn't need anyone!
'What have I done?'
'Or...' cried the prince with anger.
'I know that if I listen to you,' the Princess interrupted, 'we will never give our daughter up. If that's the case, we have to go to the village...
'And it is better to leave.'
'Wait.
Am I looking for it?
I'm not looking for anything. And a young man, and a very good man, fell in love, and she seems...
'Yes, you think!
How does she really fall in love and he thinks he's getting married like I am?
Ooh! Don't look at my eyes!
"Ah, spiritism, ah, Nice, ah, at the ball..." And the prince, imagining that he represented his wife, sat on every word. 'And this is how we will make Katenka's misfortune, how she will actually take it into her head...'
'Why do you think?'
'I don't think, but I do; we have eyes for it, not for women.'
I see a man who has intent to be serious, it's Levin; and I see a quail like this lycopper who only has fun.
'Well, you'll take it into your head...'
'You'll remember, lately, as with Duschenka.'
'Well, well, well, let's not speak,' stopped his princess, remembering the unfortunate Dolly...
'And goodbye and goodbye!
And when they crossed each other and kissed each other, but felt that each one had remained in his mind, the couple separated.
The Princess was first firmly convinced that this evening had decided on Kitty's fate and that there could be no doubt about the intentions of Vronski; but her husband's words confused her. And when she returned to herself, she, just like Kitty, with horror in front of the unknown future, repeated several times in her heart, "Lord, have mercy, Lord, have mercy, Lord, have mercy."
Vronsky never knew family life.
His mother was a brilliant, secular woman when she was married, and especially after, many novels known to the world.
He had little memory of his father and was raised in the Paže Corps.
As a very young brilliant officer from the school, he was immediately caught up in the ranks of the rich Peterburg military.
Although he used to go to the Peterburg light on occasion, all his love interests were out of the world.
In Moscow, for the first time, he experienced, after a luxurious and rude Peterburg life, the beauty of drawing close to a lightly sweet and innocent girl who fell in love with him.
It never occurred to him to have anything wrong with his relationship with Kitty.
At the balls, he danced the prelim-- materially with her; he went to their house.
He spoke to her what is usually said in light, all nonsense, but nonsense to which he inadvertently gave special meaning to her.
Even though he didn't say anything to her that he couldn't say in front of everyone, he felt that she was becoming more and more dependent on him, and the more he felt it, the more pleasant it was for him and his feelings for her became more tender.
He did not know that his way of dealing with Kitty had a certain name, that it was a lured young lady without intent to marry, and that it was a lure that was one of the bad things that was common among brilliant young men like him.
He thought he was the first to discover this pleasure, and he enjoyed his discovery.
If he could hear what her parents said this evening, if he could move to the family's point of view and find out that Kitty would be unhappy if he didn't marry her, he would be very surprised and wouldn't believe it.
He could not believe that what had given him such great and good pleasure, and most important of all, could have been bad.
Even less, he could have believed that he had to get married.
Marrying him was never an opportunity.
Not only did he not like family life, but in the family, and especially in the husband, in the common view of the bachelor world in which he lived, he imagined something alien, hostile, and more and more funny.
But although he had no idea what his parents were saying, when he came out of Shcherbatsky this evening, he felt that the spiritual secret bond that existed between him and Kitty had been established this evening so strong that something had to be done, but what could and should have been done, he could not have come up with.
'It's also lovely,' he thought, coming back from the Shcherbatskys and getting out of them, as always, a pleasant sense of purity and freshness, which took place in part and because he didn't smoke the whole evening, and together a new sense of comfort before her for love, 'it's also adorable that nothing was said by me or her, but we so understood each other in this invisible conversation of views and tone, which is clearer today than ever, she told me that she loved me. And how sweet, simple and, above all, trusting!
I feel better myself, cleaner.
I feel like I have a heart and I have a lot of good in me.
These lovely eyes! When she said, "And very..."
"Well, then?
That's okay.
I feel good, and she feels good, and he's thinking about where he's gonna end up tonight.
He figured out a place he could go.
"The club? A lot of beef, champagne with Ignatov?
No, I won't.
Chateau de fleurs, will you find Oblonsky, verse, cancan?
No, I'm tired.
That's why I love the Scherbatskys, which I do better myself.
I'm going home."
He walked right into his room at Dusso's, told him to serve himself dinner, and then, when he undressed, he put his head on the pillow, fell asleep with a strong and calm sleep, as always.
The next day, at 11 a.m., Wronsky went to the Petersburg Railway station to meet his mother, and the first person on the steps of the big ladder was Oblonski, who was waiting with the same train for his sister.
'Ah! Your ladyship!-- the Oblonian screamed. 'Who are you after?
'I am after my mother,' smiled, as did all those who met with Oblonski, replied, 'by shaking his hand, and went up the stairs with him. 'She's supposed to be from Petersburg by now.
'And I waited for you until two o'clock. Where did you go from the Scherbatskys?
'Dome,' replied Wronsky. 'I confess, I was so pleased yesterday after the Shcherbatskys that I didn't want to go anywhere.'
'I recognize the horses of revulsion by some of their tavres, and I recognize the young men of love by their eyes,' said Stepan Arkadić in the same way as Levin before.
He smiled with such a view that he did not renounce it, but immediately changed the conversation. 'And who do you meet?' 'He asked.'
'I am? "I am a beautiful woman," said Oblonsky,
'That's it!
'Honnie soit qui mal y pense!
Sister Anna.
'Ah, is that Karenina? 'Vronsky said.'
'You know her, don't you?
'I think I do.
Or not...
Right, I don't remember, &quot; Wronsky answered in a scattered manner, with a vague view of Karenina &apos; s name of something poignant and boring.
'But Alexei Alexandrovich, my famous son-in-law, you know.
The whole world knows him.
'I mean, I know by reputation and appearance.'
I know he's smart, a scientist, a divine something... but you know, it's not in my... no in my line,' said Wronsky.
'Yes, he is a very wonderful man; a little conservative, but a good man,' observed Stepan Arkadić, a good man.
'Well, all the better for him,' he said, smiling. 'Ah, you are here,' he turned to his mother's tall old footman standing by the door, 'come in here.
In addition to the common pleasures of Stepan Arkadjić recently, he felt attached to him by the fact that he had, in his imagination, joined Kitty.
'Well, shall we make dinner for the diva on Sunday?' 'He said to him, with a smile, taking him under his arm.'
'Absolutely. I'll get a subscription.
Oh, did you meet my buddy Levin yesterday? 'Stepan Arkadić asked.'
'Of course.
But he left soon enough.
'He is a good fellow,' continued Oblonsky. 'Isn't that right?
'I don't know,' he replied, 'and why it's in all the Moscows, of course excluding those I'm talking to,' he jokingly inserted, 'there's something sharp.
It's like they're getting all pissed off and angry, like they're all trying to make you feel something...
'There is indeed...' said Stepan Arkadych, laughing funly.
'What, is it soon?' 'Vronsky turned to the servant.'
'The train has come out,' answered the minister.
The train &apos; s approach was increasingly marked by the movement of preparations at the station, the running of artists, the appearance of gendarmes and employees and the approach of visitors.
Through the frost pairs, workers were seen in semi-shoes, in soft lazy boots, crossing the tracks of folding tracks. I heard the whistle on the long rails and the movement of something heavy.
'No,' said Stepan Arkadić, who was very eager to share the intentions of Levin with respect to Kitty. 'No, you misjudged my Levin.
He's a very nervous man and he can be nasty, really, but sometimes he can be very nice.
It's such an honest, honest nature, and it's a heart of gold.
But yesterday, there were special reasons, &quot; Stepan Arkadić continued with a great smile, completely forgetting the sincere sympathy he had for his friend yesterday, and now having the same feeling for his friend, only for Vronski. 'Yes, there was a reason why he was either particularly happy or especially unhappy,
He stopped, and he said, "Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
'I mean, what is it?'
Or did he propose to your belle soeur yesterday?
'Maybe,' said Stepan Arkadić. 'I thought it was yesterday.
Yeah, if he left early and wasn't in the mood, it's so...
He's been in love for so long, and I'm sorry for him.
'That's right! '
I think, however, that she can count on the best game,' said Wronsky, and, having straightened his chest, began to walk again. 'I don't know him, though,' he added. 'Yes, it is a difficult situation!
That's what most people prefer to know about the Claras.
There's only proof of failure that you're short of money, and here you're worth your weight.
But here's the train.
It's true that a steam train has whistled far away. A few minutes later, the platform trembled, and smashing down from the frost of the ferry, a steam-car with a slow and measured and stretchable middle wheel lever and a bowing, tied, indeterminate driver, followed by a tender, a slower and more stunning platform, with luggage and a scalding dog; finally, the passenger cars approached before the stop.
The young conductor, while whistled, jumped off and followed one by impatient passengers: a guard officer, keeping his eyes straight and tight; a spinning merchant with a bag, smiling with fun; a man with a bag over his shoulder.
While standing next to Oblonski, he looked around the cars and went out and completely forgot about his mother.
What he just found out about Kitty turned him on and excited.
His chest was straightened out, and his eyes glittered. He felt like a winner.
'The Countess of Vronsky is in this section,' said the young conductor, approaching the city of Vronski.
The conductor's words woke him up and made him remember his mother and the upcoming date with her.
He did not respect his mother in his soul, nor did he love her in that account, even though he could not imagine others in the circle in which he was rearing himself as being highly obedient and respectful, and all the more so outwardly obedient and respectful, the less in his heart he respected and loved her.
He followed the conductor to the car and stopped at the entrance to the station to give way to the lady who was leaving.
With the usual tact of a secular man, one view of the lady's appearance, Wronsky identified her as a member of the highest light.
He apologized and went into the car, but felt the need to take another look at her -- not because she was very beautiful, not because of the grace and modest grace that were visible in her whole body, but because in the expression of a nice-looking face when she passed by him, there was something particularly gentle and tender.
When he looked back, she turned her head, too.
Brilliant, seeming dark from thick eyelashes, gray eyes friendlyly, paused on his face, as if she had acknowledged him, and immediately moved to a suitable crowd, looking for someone.
In this brief look, he was able to see the restraint that was playing in her face and ploughing between her shiny eyes and a slightly visible smile, twisting her blushing lips.
It's as if the abundance of something was so full of her being that past her will was expressed in a glitter of eyes and a smile.
She deliberately put out the light in her eyes, but it glowed against her will in a slightly visible smile.
Wronsky entered the car.
His mother, a dry old lady with black eyes and bouquets, shuddered at her son and smiled a little bit with thin lips.
On her way up from the couch and handing over the maid's bag, she served a small, dry hand to her son and, raising his head from her hand, kissed him in the face.
'Did you get the telegram?
Hello?
Thank God.
'Have a good trip?' 'The son said, sitting by her side, listening to a woman's voice involuntarily from behind the door.
He knew it was the voice of the lady who met him at the entrance.
'I still disagree with you,' said the lady's voice.
--the Petersburg look, my lady.
'Not Peterburg, but just a woman's,' she replied.
'Well, let me kiss your pen.'
'Goodbye, Ivan Petrovich. See if my brother is here, and send him to me,' said the lady at the door and entered the office again.
'Well, have you found your brother?' 'Vronsky said, turning to the lady.'
He remembers now that it was Karenina.
Your brother is here,' he said, getting up. 'Excuse me, I didn't recognize you, and our acquaintance was so brief,' said Vronsky, bowing, 'that you surely do not remember me.
'Oh, no,' she said, 'I would recognize you, 'because your mother and I seem to have talked all the way only about you,' she said, finally allowing the expansive rejuvenation to express itself in a smile. 'And yet my brother is not.'
'Call him, Alesha,' said the old Countess.
He went out to the platform and cried: 'Oblonsky!
Here!
But Karenina didn't wait for her brother, but when she saw him, she came out of the car with a determined light step.
And as soon as the brother came to her, she took her left hand by the neck by the move that struck him with her resolve and grace, and quickly drew her to her, and kissed her firmly.
He looked at her without letting down his eyes and, without knowing what, he smiled.
But when he remembered that his mother was waiting for him, he entered the car again.
'Isn't she very nice? 'Said the Countess of Karenna.' 'Her husband put me with him, and I was very happy.
We talked to her all the way through.
Well, they say you're... vous filez le parfait amor.
Tant miux, mon cher, tan miux.
'I don't know what you're implying, maman,' the son answered with coldness. 'Well, maman, let's go.
Karenina entered the car again to say goodbye to the Countess.
'Well, Countess, you have met your son, and I am my brother,' she said fun. 'And all my stories were exhausted; there would be nothing further to tell.'
'Well, no,' said the Countess, taking her hand, 'I would go around the world with you and not miss you.
You're one of those nice women to talk to and be quiet. 'And your son, please don't think that you can never be separated.'
Karenina stood still, sticking extremely straight, and her eyes smiled.
'Anna Arkadievna,' said the Countess, explaining to her son, 'there is an eight-year-old son, and she seems to have never been separated from him and is all tormented that she left him.
'Yes, we've been talking to the Countess all the time, I'm talking about my son,' said Karenina, and again the smile lit up her face, the smile of affection for him.
'It must have made you very bored,' he said, now on the fly, picking up this flirty ball she threw at him.
But apparently she didn't want to keep talking in that tone and turned to the old Countess:
'Thank you very much.
I didn't see you last night.
Goodbye, Countess.
'Goodbye, my friend,' answered the Countess.
Let me kiss your pretty face.
I'm just saying I'm in love with you.
No matter what the cousin said, Karenina seemed to believe it from the bottom of her heart and rejoiced at it.
She blushed, leaned a little, laid her face on the Countess's lips, straightened again, and with the same smile, worried between her lips and her eyes, she handed out her hand to the Countess.
He shook his small hand and, as something special, he rejoiced at the energy shake with which she shook his hand firmly and bravely.
She went out on a quick walk, so weirdly wearing her pretty full body.
'Very nice,' said the old lady.
That's what her son thought.
He walked her eyes until her graceful figure ran away, and the smile stopped on his face.
Through the window, he saw her approach her brother, put her hand on his hand, and something lively began to tell him, apparently having nothing to do with him, and he found it annoying.
'Well, maman, are you completely healthy?' 'He repeated, turning to his mother.'
'It's okay, it's okay.
Alexandre was very nice. And Marie became very good.
She's very interesting.
Again, he began to talk about what she was most interested in, about the christenings of her grandson, for whom she travelled to Petersburg, and about the king's special kindness to her eldest son.
'Here's Lavrentius,' he said, looking out the window, 'now let's go, if you will.
The old butler, who was travelling with the Countess, came to the carriage to report that everything was ready, and the Countess went up to go.
'Come on, there aren't many people now,' he said.
The girl took a bag and a dog, a butler and an artifact with other bags.
He took his mother under his arm; but when they had already come out of the car, suddenly a few men with frightened faces ran by.
And the station manager ran through in his extraordinary color hat.
Obviously, something extraordinary happened.
The people ran back from the train.
'What?
What?
Where?
Dropped out! Yes, it did! 'It was heard between those who passed away.'
Stepan Arkadić, with his sister under his arm, also with frightened faces, returned and stopped at the entrance of the wagon, avoiding the people.
Ladies entered the wagon, andcrow and Stepan Arkadyić went after the people to learn the details of the disaster.
The guard, whether he was drunk or too wrapped up in a severe frost, did not hear the rear-sliding train and was crushed.
Before the Vronsky and Oblonsky returned, the ladies learned these details from the butler.
Oblonsky and Vronsky both saw a disfigured corpse.
Oblonsky must have suffered...
He wrinkled and seemed ready to cry.
'Oh, that's awful!
Ah, Anna, if you could see!
Oh, that's awful! 'He has condemned.'
He was silent, and his beautiful face was serious, but perfectly calm.
'Oh, if you could see, Countess,' said Stepan Arkadić. 'And his wife is here...'
It's terrible to see her...
She threw herself at the body.
They say he's the only one who's been feeding a huge family.
That's awful!
'Can't anything be done for her? 'Agitatedly whispered,' said Karenina.
He looked at her and immediately came out of the car.
'I'll be right there, maman,' he added, wrapping himself in the door.
When he returned a few minutes later, Stepan Arkadić had already spoken to the Countess about the new singer, and the Countess looked forward to looking back at the door waiting for her son.
'Now let's go,' said Wronsky, entering. They went out together.
He was going ahead with his mother. Karenina was walking in the back with her brother.
At the exit, the station manager who had caught up with him arrived.
'You gave my assistant 200 rubles.
Would you care to indicate to whom you appoint them?
'Woman,' he said, shaking his shoulders. 'I don't know what to ask.
'Did you give it? 'Screaming in the back of Oblonsky, and holding his sister's hand, added: Very sweet, very sweet!
Isn't that right, sweet boy?
My respects, Countess. And he and his sister stopped looking for her girlfriend.
By the time they got out, the carriage of Vronski had already left.
Exiting people were still talking about what happened.
'This death is terrible!' said some gentleman, passing by. 'They say two pieces.
'I think, on the contrary, the easiest, the most instant,' noticed another.
'Never will it take action,' said the third.
Karenna sat down in a carriage, and Stepan Arkadych was surprised to see her lips shiver and she had difficulty holding back her tears.
'What is the matter with you, Anna? 'He asked when they had moved away a few hundred seedlings.'
'A bad omen,' she said.
'What a trifle!' said Stepan Arkadych. 'You've come, that's all that matters.
You can't imagine how much I hope for you.
'How long have you known Vronski?' 'She asked.'
'Yes.
You know, we're hoping he'll marry Kitty.
'Yes? 'Silently said Anna. 'Well, let's talk about you now,' she added, shaking her head like she wanted to physically drive away something unnecessary and interfered with her. 'Let's talk about your business...'
I got your letter and now I'm here.
'Yes, all hope is in you,' said Stepan Arkadić.
'Well, tell me everything.
And Stepan Arkadić started to tell.
Upon arriving at the house, Oblonsky dropped his sister off, sighed, shook her hand, and went to attend...
When Anna entered the room, Dolly sat in a small living room with a white-headed, swollen boy, now like her father, and listened to his French reading lesson.
The boy read, spinning his hand and trying to pull off a little button-held jacket.
The mother took her hand a few times, but the swollen pen went back to the button.
My mother ripped off the button and put it in her pocket.
'Calm your hands, Grisha,' she said, and again she took up her blanket, a long-standing job that she had always worked for in difficult times, and now she's groveling nervously, throwing her finger and counting the loops.
Although she told her husband yesterday that she didn't care about his sister coming or not, she prepared everything for her visit and waited anxiously for her sister - in - law.
Dolly was killed by her grief, all absorbed by him.
However, she remembered that Anna, the sister-in-law, was the wife of one of the most important men in Petersburg and Peterburg's Grande dame.
And because of that, she failed to do what she said to her husband, that is, she did not forget that the sister - in - law was coming.
"Yeah, it wasn't Anna's fault at last," Dolly thought. 'I don't know anything about her but the best of things, and all I saw for myself was affection and friendship.'
True, as long as she could remember her impression in Petersburg at Karen's, she did not like their very home; something was false in the entire warehouse of their family life.
"But why wouldn't I accept it?
I wish she wouldn't comfort me!' I thought Dolly. 'All comfort and advice and forgiveness are Christian -- all of this has changed my mind a thousand times, and none of this is appropriate.'
All these days, Dolly was alone with the kids.
She didn't want to talk about her grief, and she couldn't talk about the outsider with that grief.
She knew that, in one way or another, she would speak to Anna, and she was encouraged by the thought of how she would speak, that she was angry with the need to speak about her humiliation, his sister, and to hear from her the words of instruction and comfort.
As often as she looked at her watch, she waited for her every minute and missed the exact one when the guest arrived, so she didn't hear the call.
When she heard the noise of the dress and the light steps at the door, she looked back, and she was surprised, not joy, but surprise, on her tired face.
She got up and hugged the sister-in-law.
'Are you here?' 'She said, kissing her.'
'Dollie, it's so good to see you!
'And I am glad,' said Dolly, smiling very little and trying, by the look of Anna's face, to see if she knows, said.
'Right, she knows,' she thought, noting her condolences on Anna's face. 'Well, come on, I will take you to your room,' she continued, trying to delay as much an explanation as possible.
'Is that Grisha?
Oh, my God, how he grew up!' said Anna, and by kissing him, keeping an eye on Dolly, she stopped and blushed. 'No, let me not go anywhere.
She took off her handkerchief, her hat, and by sticking it to a string of her black, curly hair everywhere, waving her head off, she unhooked her hair.
'And you shine with happiness and health!' said Dolly almost jealously.
'I am?'
Yes,' said Anna. 'Oh, my God, Tanya!
Serezha is my age,' she added, turning to an escaped girl. She took her arms and kissed her. 'Beautiful girl, lovely!
Show me everyone.
She called them and remembered not only names, but years, months, patterns, diseases of all children, and Dolly couldn't help but appreciate it.
'Well, let's go to them,' she said. 'Vasa is sleeping now, sorry.'
After examining the children, they sat down, alone, in the living room, in front of coffee.
Anna took the tray and then moved it away.
'Dollie,' she said, 'he told me.
Dolly looked cold at Anna.
She's been waiting for fake-sympathetic phrases now, but Anna hasn't said anything like that.
'Dolly, sweetheart!' she said, 'I do not want to speak to you for him, nor to comfort you; that is not possible. But, sweetheart, I'm sorry, I feel sorry for you with all my soul!
The thick eyelashes of her shiny eyes suddenly caused tears to appear.
She moved closer to her sister - in - law and took her hand with her energyy little hand.
Dolly wasn't suspended, but her face didn't change her dry expression.
She said:
'You can't comfort me.
Everything's lost after what happened, everything's gone!
And as soon as she said it, the look on her face suddenly softened.
Anna raised Dolly's dry, thin hand, kissed her, and said,
'But, Dolly, what shall we do, what shall we do?'
What is the best way to deal with this terrible situation? 'This is what we need to think about.'
'It's over, and nothing more,' said Dolly. 'And the worst part is, you realize I can't leave him; children, I'm tied up.
I can't live with him. I can't see him.
'Dollie, my dear, he told me, but I want you to tell me everything.
Dolly looked at her question-and-answer.
Participation and love were unbelievable on Anna's face.
'Excuse me,' she said. 'But I will say it first.'
You know how I got married.
I wasn't only innocent with maman being raised, but I was stupid. I didn't know anything.
They say I know husbands tell their wives their old life, but Steve... 'She has recovered,' Stepan Arkadić said nothing to me.
You're not gonna believe this, but I still thought I was the one woman he knew.
That's how I lived for eight years.
You know, not only did I not suspect infidelity, but I thought it was impossible, and then, you know, with such notions, all of a sudden, all of a sudden, all of a sudden...
You understand me.
To be sure of his happiness, and suddenly...' kept Dolly crying, 'and to receive a letter... his letter to his mistress, to my governess.
No, it's too horrible! 'She quickly took out her handkerchief and closed their face. 'I understand yet another passion,' she continued, silently, 'but thoughtlessly, the trick of lying to me... with whom?'
To continue to be my husband with her... that's awful! You can't understand...
'Oh, no, I understand! I understand, dear Dolly, I understand,' said Anna, shaking her hand.
'And you think he understands the horror of my position?' 'Did Dolly.' 'Nothing!
He's happy and happy.
'Oh, no! 'Anna quickly interrupted. 'He's pathetic, he's killed with remorse...'
'Is he capable of repentance?' 'Cause she interrupted Dolly, staring at the face of the sister-in-law.
'Yes, I know him.
I couldn't look at him without pity.
We both know him.
He's kind, but he's proud, and now he's so humiliated.
The most important thing that touched me (and Anna guessed the most important thing that could have touched Dolly) was that he was tormented by two things: that he was ashamed of his children and that he loved you... yes, yes, that he loved you more than anything in the world. She quickly interrupted her desire to oppose Dolly,' hurt you, killed you.
"No, no, she won't forgive," he says.
Dolly carefully looked past the sister-in-law, listening to her words.
'Yes, I understand that his situation is terrible; the guilty is worse than the innocent,' she said, 'if he feels that his guilt is all misery.
But how can I forgive being his wife again after her?
I'm gonna have to live with him now because I love my past love for him...
And sobbing over her words,
But as if on purpose, every time she softened, she started talking about what was annoying to her again.
'She is young because she is beautiful,' she continued. 'Do you understand, Anna, that I have my youth, my beauty is taken by whom?'
Him and his children.
I served him, and in this service all mine have gone away, and now, of course, he's more comfortable with the fresh, naughty creature.
They did speak to each other about me, or even worse, they wouldn't say anything, 'You understand? 'Hate has set her eyes on fire again. 'And after that he will tell me...'
Well, am I gonna believe him?
Never.
No, it's over, everything that was comfort, the reward of labor, the torment...
Will you believe it? I've been teaching Grisha before, it's been a joy, now it's a torment.
Why am I trying, working?
Why the kids?
It's awful that suddenly my soul turned over and instead of love, tenderness to him, I have only one anger, yes, anger.
I'd kill him and...
'Listen, Dolly, I understand, but don't torment yourself.
You're so insulted, so excited, you see a lot wrong.
Dolly's quiet, and they've been quiet for two minutes.
'What to do, think, Anna, help me.
I've changed my mind and I can't see anything.
Anna couldn't think of anything, but her heart responded directly to every word, every expression of the sister - in - law.
'I will say one thing,' Anna began, 'I am his sister, I know his character, this ability to forget everything (she made a gesture in front of her forehead), this ability to be full of passion, but also full of remorse.
He doesn't believe, now he doesn't understand how he could do what he did.
'No, he understands, he understood!' interrupted Dolly. 'But I... you... forget me... am I relieved?'
'Wait.
When he told me, I confess to you, I didn't understand the horror of your position.
I saw only him and that the family was upset; I felt sorry for him, but when I spoke to you, I saw another woman; I saw your suffering, and I could not tell you how sorry I felt for you!
But, Dolly, sweetheart, I understand your suffering quite well, only one thing I don't know: I don't know... I don't know how much more love there is in your soul for him.
It's you who knows if there's enough to be forgiven.
If there is, I'm sorry!
'No,' Dolly began; but Anna interrupted her, kissing her hand again.
'I know the light more than you,' she said. 'I know these people like Steve, how they look at it.
You're saying he talked to her about you.
That didn't happen.
These people are infidels, but their home and wife are sacred to them.
Somehow, these women remain in contempt and do not stand in the way of the family.
They make a line between family and this.
I don't get it, but I do.
'Yes, but he kissed her...'
'Dolly, wait, sweetheart.
I saw Steve when he was in love with you.
I remember that time when he came to me and cried about you, and what poetry and height you were to him, and I know that the more he lived with you, the higher you were to him.
Because we used to laugh at him, that he would add to every word, "Dollie is an amazing woman."
You've always been a god to him, and it's not his soul's passion...
'But if this passion happens again?'
'It cannot, as I understand it...'
'Yes, but would you forgive?'
'I don't know, I can't judge...'
No, I can,' said Anna, thinking; and when she understood the position and weighed it in the balance, she added: 'No, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can.
Yeah, I would.
I wouldn't be the same, yeah, but I would, and I would forgive you as if it hadn't happened at all.
'Well, of course,' interrupted Dolly quickly, as if she had said what she had thought many times; otherwise it would not have been forgiveness.
If you're sorry, at all, at all.
Well, come on, I'll take you to your room,' she said, getting up, and on the way, Dolly hugged Anna. 'My dear, how glad I am that you have come.
I feel better, much better.
This Anna spent the whole day at home, that is, at Oblonsky's, and did not receive anyone, since some of her acquaintances came to know that she had arrived on the same day.
Anna spent the whole morning with Dolly and the kids. She just sent a note to her brother to make sure he had dinner at home.
"Come, God be merciful," she wrote.
Oblonsky had lunch at home; the conversation was in common, and his wife spoke to him, calling him "you", which had never happened before.
The husband &apos; s relationship with his wife remained the same isolation, but there was no longer any separation, and Stepan Arkadić saw the possibility of explanation and reconciliation.
Kitty arrived immediately after lunch.
She knew Anna Arkadyevna, but very little, and now she was going to her sister with fear before being received by this Petrenburgian social lady, who was so praised.
But Anna Arkadievna liked her,' she saw it now.
Anna apparently admired her beauty and youth, and before she knew how she already felt, not only under her influence, but in love with her, how young girls could fall in love with married and older women.
Anna was not like the social lady or the mother of an eight - year - old son, but rather she would be like a 20 - year - old girl in a flexible movement, freshness, and reanimation on her face, knocking that out of her smile, but for the serious, sometimes sad, expression of her eye that struck and attracted Kitty.
Kitty felt that Anna was perfectly simple and undisguised, but that there was another, higher world of interests beyond her reach, complex and poetic.
After lunch, when Dolly went out to her room, Anna quickly stood up and approached her brother, who smoked a cigar.
'Steve,' she said to him, winking at him, baptizing him and pointing her eyes at the door. 'Go, and help you God.'
He threw the cigar, understood it, and fled behind the door.
When Stepan Arkadić left, she returned to the couch, where she was sitting surrounded by children.
Whether the children saw that mom loved that aunt, or that they felt special about her, but the older two, and then the smaller ones, as they often do with the children, stuck to the new aunt before lunch and didn't walk away from her.
And there was some kind of game between them that was worth sitting as close as possible next to her aunt, touching her, holding her little hand, kissing her, playing with her ring, or at least touching her dress.
'Well, as we used to sit,' said Anna Arkadievna, sitting in her seat.
And again, Grisha put his head under her arm and leaned his head against her dress and glowed with pride and happiness.
'So when's the ball now? 'She turned to Kitty.
'Next week, and a beautiful ball.'
One of those balls that always has fun.
'Is there anyone who's always fun?' 'And Anna said with tender ridicule.'
'It's weird, but there is.
The Bibles always have fun, the Nikitinis have fun, and the Bags are always boring.
Haven't you noticed?
'No, my soul, there are no balls for me that are fun,' said Anna, and Kitty saw in her eyes a special world that was not revealed to her. 'There are some for me that are less difficult and boring...'
'How can you be bored at the ball?'
'Why can't I be bored at the ball? 'Anna asked.'
Kitty noticed that Anna knew what the answer would be.
'Because you're always the best.
Anna had the ability to blush.
She blushed and said,
'First, never; second, if it were, why would I do that?
'Are you going to this ball?' 'Ask Kitty.
'I think we can't stop going.'
Here, take this,' she said, "Tane, who snatched the ring easily from her white, thin one at the end of her finger.
'I'd be very happy if you went -- I'd love to see you at the ball.'
'At least if I have to go, I will be content to think that it will please you...'
Grisha, please don't terebi, they've all been talking,' she said, correcting the broken piece of hair that Grisha was playing.
'I'm imagining you at the purple ball.'
'Why is it always in purple?' 'Smile,' asked Anna. 'Come on, children, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Do you hear me?
Miss Gul calls for tea,' she said, removing the children and sending them to the dining room.
'And I know why you're calling me to prom.
You expect a lot from this ball, and you want everyone here to be involved.
'How do you know?
Yes.
'Oh! 'How good your time is,' continued Anna. 'I remember and know this blue fog, like the one on the mountains in Switzerland. This fog, which covers everything at a happy time when childhood is about to come to an end, and from this huge circle, happy, hilarious, is taking the way all the time, and it's fun and creepy to enter this anphid, even though it seems bright and beautiful...
Who didn't get through this?
Kitty smiled silently.
"But how did she get through this?
"How I would like to know her whole novel," thought Kitty, remembering the unethical appearance of Alexei Alexandrovich, her husband.
'I know something.
Steve told me, and congratulations to you, and I love him very much,' Anna continued,' I met him on the railroad.
'Ah, was he there? 'Inquired Kitty red.' 'What did Steve say to you?
'Steve told me everything. And I'd love to.
I was on my way yesterday with Wronsky's mother,' she continued,' and the mother kept telling me about him; this is her favorite; I know how partial mothers are, but...
'What did your mother tell you?
'Ah, many! And I know he's her favorite, but you can still see that he's a knight...
Well, for example, she told me that he wanted to give all his fortune to his brother, that he had done something extraordinary when he was a kid, saved the woman from the water.
In a word, hero,' said Anna, smiling and remembering the 200 rubles he had given at the station.
But she didn't tell me about those 200 rubles.
For some reason, she didn't like to think about it.
She felt that there was something about her before and something she shouldn't have.
'She asked me very much to go to her,' Anna continued, 'and I am pleased to see the old lady and I will go to her tomorrow.
However, thank God Steve stayed in Dolly's office for a long time,' added Anna, changing the conversation and getting up, as Kitty seemed to be displeased with,
'No, I've done it before! No, I am! 'The children screamed, finishing their tea and running to Aunt Anne.'
'All together! 'Anna said, and, laughing, ran toward them and hugged them, and knocked down all this pile of pooping and screaming children...
Big Dolly came out of her room for tea.
Stepan Arkadić didn't come out.
He must have left his wife's room in reverse.
'I'm afraid you'll be cold upstairs,' observed Dolly, turning to Anna, 'I want to move you down, and we'll be closer.
'Oh, please don't take care of me,' replied Anna, looking into Dolly's face and trying to understand whether there was reconciliation or not.
'It will be bright for you here,' the sister-in-law replied.
'I tell you, I sleep everywhere and always like a bitch.
'What is it about? 'Stepan Arkadić asked, leaving his office and turning to his wife.'
By tone, he and Kitty and Anna now realized that reconciliation had taken place.
'I want Anna to be transferred down, but I have to put the wardrobes over.'
No one will be able to do it themselves,' answered Dolly, turning to him.
"Does God know if they've made up?" 'I thought Anna, hearing her tone, cold and calm.'
'Ah, plenty, Dolly, to make things difficult,' said the husband. 'Well, you want me to do it...'
"Yes, they must have made up," Anna thought.
'I know how you're gonna do it,' answered Dolly, 'you'll tell Matthew to do something you can't do, and you'll leave and he'll confuse it,' and the usual funny smile wrinkled the ends of Dolly's lips when she said it.
"A full, complete reconciliation, full of peace," Anna thought, "Thank God!" 'and glad that she was the cause of it, she went up to Dolly and kissed her.
'No, why do you despise Matway and me so much? 'Stepan Arkadić said, smiling a little while and turning to his wife.'
All night, as always, Dolly was a little funny to her husband, and Stepan Arkadych was happy and happy, but enough to show that he had forgotten his guilt when he was forgiven.
At half-tenth, a particularly happy and pleasant evening family conversation at Oblonsky's tea table was broken by the most seemingly simple event, but this simple event somehow seemed strange to everyone.
When Anna spoke of her acquaintances in Peterburg, she quickly stood up.
'I have it in my album,' she said, 'and by the way, I will show my Serezha,' she added with a proud motherly smile.
By ten o'clock, when she used to say goodbye to her son and often herself, before going to the ball, put him down, she felt sad that she was so far away from him; and whatever she was talking about, she had no, no, and returned to her curly Serezha.
She wanted to look at his card and talk about him.
Using the first pretext, she stood up with her light, determined walk after the album.
The stairwell upstairs, into her room, went out to the site of a large, warm entrance staircase.
While she was leaving the living room, there was a bell in the front.
'Who could it be?' 'Yes,' said Dolly.
'It's too early for me, and it's too late for anyone else,' Kitty noticed.
'That's right, with the papers,' added Stepan Arkadych, and when Anna passed the stairs, the servant went upstairs to report him, and he himself stood by the lamp.
Anna looked down and immediately learned the strange sense of pleasure and the fear of something suddenly moved into her heart.
He stood by without taking his coat off, and he pulled something out of his pocket.
The minute she was leveled off the middle ladder, he looked up, saw her, and in the expression of his face something embarrassed and scared became.
When she leaned her head a little, she was followed by the loud voice of Stepan Arkadyich, who called him to enter, and by the gentle, gentle and calm voice of him who refused.
When Anna came back with the album, he was gone, and Stepan Arkadić told me that he was coming to see about the dinner they gave the visiting celebrity tomorrow. 'And never wanted to come in.'
He's kind of weird,' added Stepan Arkadych.
Kitty's blushing.
She thought she was the only one who understood why he came and didn't come in.
"He was with us," she thought, "and she didn't catch me and thought I was here; but he didn't come in, because he thought it was late, and Anna was here."
Everyone looked around, didn't say anything, and started watching Anna's album.
There was nothing unusual or strange about a man stopping by a friend at half-tenth to know the details of the dinner and not coming in, but it seemed strange to all of us.
More strange and bad than anyone, it seemed to Anna.
The ball just started when Kitty and her mother entered the big, flower- and varnished stairwell in the pudding and red caftans.
There was an evenly standing, as in the hive, sound of motion, and while they were on the floor between the trees, they were walking in front of the mirror of their hair and dresses, they heard from the hall the violins of the orchestra, which began the first waltz.
A state-owned old man who adjusted his gray hangings from another mirror and poured out a scent of perfume ran into them on the stairs and turned aside, apparently in love with Kitty, whom he did not know.
A benevolent young man, one of those secular young men whom the old prince of Shcherbatsky called titties, in an extremely open vest, wearing a white tie, bowed to them and, running by them, returned, inviting Kitty to the frame.
The first frame was already given to Vronsky, and she was supposed to give that young man a second.
A military man shoved his glove away from the door and petting his mustache and staring at Kitty's pink.
Despite the fact that the toilet, hair, and all the prom preparations were worth Kitty a lot of work and thought, she now, in her complicated tulip dress on the pink closet, entered the ball so freely and simply, as if all those outlets, laces, all the details of the toilet weren't worth her and her home-based attention, as if she were born in that tulle, lace, with that high hair, with the rose and the two leaves on top of her.
When the old princess in front of the hall wanted to put a wrapped belt ribbon on it, Kitty declined slightly. She felt that everything should be good and graceful on her and that nothing needed to be corrected.
Kitty was in one of her happy days.
The dress wasn't tight anywhere, the lace birta wasn't coming down, the outlets weren't moist or torn off; the pink shoes on the high, folded heels weren't chewing, but were jolly with the foot, the thick white hair was held like their own on the small head.
All three of the buttons buckled without breaking, on a tall glove that wrapped her hand around her without changing her shape.
The black velvet of the medallion was particularly tenderly surrounded by the neck.
The velvet was adorable, and at home, looking in the mirror at her neck, Kitty felt that velvet spoke.
There might still be doubt in all the others, but the velvet was adorable.
Kitty smiled here at the ball, looking at her in the mirror.
In Kitty's bare shoulders and hands, she felt a cold marble, a feeling she especially loved.
The eyes glittered, and the blazing lips couldn't help but smile at their appeal.
Before she could enter the hall and reach the turret-lento-colored crowd of ladies waiting to be invited to dance (Kiti never stood in this crowd), she was invited to the waltz, and she was invited by the best cavalier, the head of the ball hierarchy, the famous ball conductor, the ceremonymaster, the married, handsome and well-known man of Egrushka Korsunsky.
Just leaving Countess Banin, with whom he danced the first tour of the waltz, he looked back at his farm, i.e., he went out to dance a few pairs, saw Kitty coming in and ran up to her with something special that belonged only to the conductors of the balls by means of a free pass, and, bowing, not even asking if she wanted to, he took his hand in order to hold her thin waist.
She looked back to whom to deliver the fan, and the mistress, smiling at her, took it.
'How good it is that you arrived on time,' he said to her, hugging her waist, 'and what a way to be late.
She put a bent, left hand on his shoulder, and little legs in pink shoes moved quickly, easily, and gradually into the rhythm of music on a slippery parket.
'You rest, waltzing with you,' he said to her, walking into the early steps of the waltz. 'The beauty, the ease, of choice,' he said to her what he said to almost everyone he knew.
She smiled at his praise and kept looking over his shoulder.
She wasn't a back-to-back, who had a magical impression of all faces at the ball; she wasn't a ball-happy girl who was so familiar with the faces of the ball that she got bored; but she was in the middle of those two -- she was excited, yet she had enough of herself to watch.
In the left corner of the halls, she saw, the color of society was grouped.
There was an impossible naked beauty Lidie, the wife of Corsunsky, there was a mistress, there shining his bald Krievin, who was always where the color of society was; there the young men looked, without dared to approach; and there she found Steve's eyes and then saw Anna's beautiful figure and head in a black velvet dress.
And he was here.
Kitty hasn't seen him since the night she refused Levin.
Kitty immediately recognized him with her long - sighted eyes and even noticed that he was looking at her.
'Well, another tour?'
Aren't you tired? 'Korsunsky said with a slight suffocation.'
'No, thank you.'
'Where can I take you?'
'Karenina is here, I think... take me to her,
'Wherever you want me to go.
And Corsunsky was obsessed, taking a step straight to the crowd in the left corner of the hall, sentencing: "Pardon, mesdames, pardon, pardon, mesdames," and pawning between the sea of laces, tuls and ribbons, and without pinching a feather, turned cool to his lady, so her thin legs opened in auspicious stockings, and the plume spread out and closed their knees to Krivina.
The Korsunian bowed, straightened his open chest, and handed his hand to bring her to Anna Arkadyevna.
Kitty turned red and removed the plume from Krivin''s knees and, encircled a little bit, looked back, looking for Anna.
Anna was not in the purple, as Kitty had always wanted, but in a black, low-cut velvet dress, which opened it like an old ivory, full of shoulders and breasts, and round hands with a fine tiny brush.
The whole dress was covered with Venetian hipure.
On her head, in her black hair, with no impermeability, there was a small garlic of an eye and the same one on the black ribbon of the belt between white laces.
Her hair was invisible.
The only thing that was visible was the adornment of her, these self-absorbing short rings of curly hair that were always smashed in the back of her head and temples.
There was a pearl thread on the firm neck.
Kitty saw Anna every day, was in love with her, and imagined her for sure in purple. But now that she saw her in black, she felt that she didn't understand her beauty.
She now saw her completely new and unexpected to herself.
Now she realized that Anna could not be in purple and that her beauty was precisely that she had always performed from her bathroom, that the toilet could never be seen on it.
And the black dress with the lace was not seen in it: it was only a frame, and it was only seen, simple, natural, elegant, and together merry, and lively.
She stood, as always, extremely uprightly, and when Kitty approached that bunch, she spoke to the owner of the house, turning her head to him a little bit.
'No, I will not throw a stone,' she replied to him on something, 'although I do not understand,' she continued, shaking her shoulders, and immediately, with a gentle smile of protection, turned to Kitty.
By running a woman's look around her toilet, she made a little visible but understandable to Kitty, approving her toilet and the beauty of moving her head. 'You also enter the hall dancing,' she added.
'This is one of my most loyal associates,' said Korsunsky, bowing to Anna Arkadievna, whom he had not yet seen. 'The Princess helps make the ball fun and beautiful.
Anna Arkadievna, a waltz tour,' he said, bent over.
'Do you know each other? 'The owner asked.'
'Who do we not know?'
My wife and I are like white wolves, we are all known,' replied Corsunsky. 'The waltz tour, Anna Arkadievna.
'I don't dance when you can't dance,' she said.
'But you can't now,' replied Corsunsky.
At that time, it was the time of Vronsky's arrival.
'Well, if you can't not dance now, let's go,' she said, without paying attention to the bow, and raised her hand quickly on Korsunsky's shoulder.
"Why is she unhappy with them?" 'I thought Kitty, noting that Anna had deliberately failed to respond to the worship of Vronski.'
He approached Kitty, reminding her of the first shot and regretting that he had not had the pleasure of seeing her all along.
Kitty looked at Anna waltzing and listened to him. She expected him to invite her to the waltz, but he didn't invite her, and she looked at him surprisedly.
He blushed and rushed to waltz, but he just hugged her thin waist and took the first step when the music stopped.
Kitty looked at his face, which was so close to her, and a long time later, a few years later, that look full of the love she had then looked at him and to which he had not responded, cut her heart with a painful shame.
'Pardon, pardon! Wals, waltz!-- screamed on the other side of the Corsunsky Hall and, after catching up with the first young lady, started dancing himself.
Vronsky and Kitty went through several waltz tours. After the waltz, Kitty approached her mother and barely had time to say a few words to Nordston, just as Wronsky had already come to pick her up for the first shot.
During the frame, nothing significant was said, and there was an occasional conversation about the Korsunian, the husband, and the wife, whom he described as very funny, as cute children of 40, the future of the public theater, and only once did the conversation touch her alive when he asked about Levin whether he was here and added that he liked him very much. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, uh...
But Kitty didn't expect any more from the frame. She waited for the heart of the jellyfish to die.
She felt that everything in the ointment had to be decided.
The fact that he didn't invite her to the masquerade during the time of the shot didn't bother her.
She was sure she was dancing the masquerade with him, just like she did at the previous balls, and five refused the masquerade, saying she was dancing.
The whole ball to the last shot was for Kitty a magical dream of joyous flowers, sounds, and movements.
She didn't dance only when she felt too tired and asked for rest.
But when she danced the last frame with one of the boring boys who could not be refused, it happened to be vis-a-vis with Vronsky and Anna.
She hadn't been in touch with Anna since she got here, and then she suddenly saw her again completely new and unexpected.
She saw her as such a familiar line of excitement from success.
She saw Anna drunk with wine of her admiration.
She knew that feeling and knew its signs and saw them on Anna -- she saw a trembling, trembling glitter in her eyes and a smile of happiness and excitement, an involuntarily bending lips, and clear grace, loyalty and ease of movement.
"Who? 'She asked herself. 'All or one?'
And without helping the tormented young man with whom she danced, in a conversation that he had missed and could not lift, and with the outward submission of the hilarious mighty hooks of Korsunsky, then throwing everyone into the spring, then in chaine, she watched, and her heart was clenched more and more.
"No, it wasn't the love of the crowd that intoxicated her, it was the admiration of one. And this one? Is it him?"
Every time he spoke to Anna, her eyes were bursting with joyous glitter, and a smile of happiness bent on her blazing lips.
It was as if she had made an effort to avoid showing these signs of joy, but they were on her face.
"But what is he?"
Kitty looked at him and freaked out.
Kitty's appearance in the mirror of Anna's face was so clear, she saw it on him.
Where did he always go with a calm, firm manner and a carelessly calm look on his face?
No, every time he turned to her, he would bend his head a little as if he wanted to fall in front of her, and in his eyes there was one expression of submission and fear.
"I don't want to insult you," every time he said his look, "but I want to save myself, and I don't know how."
There was an expression on his face that she had never seen before.
They spoke of common acquaintances, had the slightest conversation, but Kitty seemed to think that every word they had said would determine their fate and their fate.
And weirdly, though they did talk about how Ivan Ivanovic was funny with his French language, and that a better match could have been found for Yeltsky, and yet those words mattered to them, and they felt it as well as Kitty did.
The whole ball, the whole world, it's all covered up in a fog in Kitty's shower.
Only the strict school she attended supported her and forced her to do what she was asked to do, that is, dance, answer questions, speak, even smile.
But before the start of the jellyfish, when the chairs were set up and some couples moved from small to large halls, Kitty found a moment of despair and horror.
She said no to the five, and now she's not dancing.
There was no hope that she would be invited, precisely because she had too much success in the light, and no one could have thought that she would not be invited until now.
I should have told my mother she was sick and gone home, but she didn't have the strength to do that.
She felt killed.
She went deep into the little living room and went down to the chair.
The air skirt of the dress rose with a cloud around its thin camp; one naked, thin, tender maiden hand, powerlessly lowered, drowned in the folds of the pink prison; in the other, she was holding a fan and washing her hot face with short moves.
But, contrary to this view of the butterfly, just clinging to the weed and ready, about to burst, to turn its rainbow wings around, a terrible despair hit her heart.
"Oh, maybe I'm wrong, maybe it didn't happen."
And she remembered everything she saw again.
'Kiti, what is this?' 'The Countess of Nordston said, when she approached her, she could not hear from the carpet.' 'I don't understand it.
Kitty had a tremor in her lower lip; she got up fast.
'Kiti, do you not dance the ointment?'
'No, no,' said Kitty with a trembling voice.
'He called her to the masquerade in front of me,' said Nordston, knowing that Kitty would understand who he and she were. 'She said, "Aren't you dancing with Princess Scherbatsky?
'Oh, I don't care!' said Kitty.
No one but herself understood her position, no one knew that she had refused yesterday to a man she might have loved and refused because she believed in another.
Countess Nordston found Corsunsky, whom she danced with, and told him to invite Kitty.
Kitty danced in the first couple, and, luckily, she shouldn't have spoken because Corsunsky was always running around managing his own household.
Wronsky and Anna were sitting almost against her.
She saw them with her long-sighted eyes, she saw them and near them when they faced each other in pairs, and the more she saw them, the more she became convinced that her misery had been brought to an end.
She saw how they felt alone in this room.
And on the face of Wronsky, always so firm and independent, she saw that expression of loss and submission that struck her, like that of a smart dog when she was guilty.
Anna smiled, and the smile passed on to him. She was thinking, and he was getting serious.
Some supernatural force drawn Kitty's eyes to Anna's face.
She was adorable in her simple black dress, adorable with her hands full with bracelets, adorable with a strong neck with a string of pearls, adorable with the curly hair of a broken hair, adorable graceful light movements of small legs and hands, adorable with this beautiful face in her rebirth; but there was something terrible and cruel about her beauty.
Kitty admired her even more than before, and she suffered more and more.
Kitty felt crushed, and her face expressed it.
When he saw her when he ran into her in the ointment, he didn't recognize her all of a sudden -- that's how she changed.
'A beautiful ball!' he said to her to say something.
'Yes,' she answered.
In the middle of the Masurka, repeating a complex figure once again invented by Korsunsky, Anna went out to the middle of the circle, took two cavaliers and called one lady and Kitty.
Kitty looked scared at her, coming up.
Anna stared and looked at her and smiled, shaking her hand. But when she noticed that Kitty's face was merely an expression of despair and surprise, she turned away from her smile and spoke to another lady in a funny way.
"Yeah, something alien, demonic and adorable in her," said Kitty to herself.
Anna didn't want to stay for dinner, but the master started asking her.
'All of it, Anna Arkadievna,' said Korsunsky, taking her naked hand under the sleeve of her fracco. 'What a cotillion I have! Un bijoo!
And he moved a little, trying to draw her away.
The master smiled with approval.
'No, I will not stay,' replied Anna smiling; but despite the smile, both Korsun and the master understood by the decisive tone with which she responded that she would not remain. 'No, I already danced more at your one ball in Moscow than I danced all winter in Petersburg,' said Anna, looking behind her, who stood behind him. 'We need to rest in front of the road.'
'Are you going in a determined way tomorrow?' 'Wronsky asked.'
'Yes, I think,' Anna answered, as if surprised by the courage of his question; but the uncontrollable trembling glitter of the eyes and smiles burned him when she said it.
Anna Arkadievna didn't stay for dinner and left.
"Yeah, there's something nasty about me, repulsive," thought Levin, walking out from the Shcherbatskys and walking towards his brother. 'And I am not fit for other people.'
Pride, they say.
No, I don't have any pride.
If I had been proud, I wouldn't have put myself in that position."
And he was imagining the happy, kind, intelligent, and calm, probably never been in the terrible situation he was in this evening.
"Yeah, she had to choose him.
That's what I have to do, and I don't have to complain about anyone.
It's my fault.
What right did I have to think she'd want to connect her life to mine?
Who am I? What about me?
It's nothing, nobody's, nobody's needless."
And he remembered Nikolai's brother and was happy to stop at that memory.
"Isn't he right that everything in the world is bad and nasty?
And it's hardly fair to judge and judge Nikolai's brother.
Of course, from the perspective of Procotheus, who saw him in a torn coat and drunk, he is a contemptible man; but I know him differently.
I know his soul and I know we're like him.
And instead of going to find him, I went to lunch here."
Levin approached the torch, read the address of his brother, who was in his wallet, and called the driver.
All the long journey to his brother Levin remembered for himself all the events he had known from his brother Nikolai's life.
He remembered how a brother at the university and a year after the university, despite his comrades' ridicule, lived as a monk, doing all the rites of religion, service, fasting, and avoiding all the pleasures, especially of women; and then suddenly he burst into tears, he drew close to the most vile people and went into the most wandering rows.
Then I thought about the story of the boy he took from the village to raise, and in a fit of anger, he beat up so much that the case started on the charge of injuring him.
Then he remembered the story of the cheater he lost money to, he gave the note, and he filed a complaint, proving that he had lied to him.
(It was the money Sergei Ivanovich paid.)
Then I remembered how he spent the night in the middle of a riot. I remembered his shameful trial with Brother Sergei Ivanovic for not paying him his share of his mother's estate; and the last case, when he left to serve in the West Province and was brought to trial there for the beatings he had suffered...
It was all awful, but Levin didn't seem as nasty as it should have been to those who didn't know Nikolai Levin, didn't know his whole story, didn't know his heart.
Levin remembered, as when Nikolai was in a period of piety, posts, monks, church services, when he was seeking help in the religion, views of his passionate nature, not only did not support him, but all, and he himself, laughed at him.
He was teased, called Noah, a monk; and when he burst, no one helped him. To him, and everyone turned away with horror and disgust.
Levin felt that Nikolai's brother in his soul, at the very heart of his soul, despite all the abominations of his life, was no more wrong than those who despised him.
It wasn't his fault that he was born with his uncontrollable character and his shy mind.
But he always wanted to be good.
"I'll tell him everything, I'll make him say everything, and I'll show him that I love him and that I understand him," said Levin himself, arriving at the 11th hour of the hotel on the address.
'Upstairs is the twelfth and thirteenth,' replied the doorman to Levin's question.
'At home?'
'It must be at home.'
The door of the twelfth numeral was semi-enacted, and from there, in a lane of light, a thick smoke of bad and weak tobacco came out, and a voice unknown to Levin heard: but Levin knew immediately that his brother was here: he heard him plowing.
When he walked through the door, a strange voice spoke.
'It all depends on how wisely and consciously it is.'
Konstantin Levin looked at the door and saw what the young man in the pillow spoke to the giant hat of hair, and the young woman, wearing a woolly dress without sleeves and collars, sat on the couch. I couldn't see my brother.
Constantin had a heartache when he thought about what kind of strangers his brother lived in.
No one heard him, and Konstantin, taking off his claps, listened to what the master had said in the tray.
He was talking about some kind of business.
'Well, damn their privileged classes,' said his brother's voice, walking through it. 'Masha!
Get us some dinner and give us some wine, if the oss-- it was dripping, or let's go.
A woman got up, went out of her way and saw Constantin.
'Some barn, Nikolai Dmitrich,' she said.
'Whom do you want?' 'The voice of Nikolai Levin angryly said.'
'It's me,' answered Konstantin Levin, coming out.
'Who am I? 'And yet angrily repeated Nikolai's voice.
It was heard that he quickly stood up with something, and Levin saw in front of himself in a door so familiar and still striking with his savageness and pain a huge, thin, slutty figure of his brother, with his big, scared eyes.
He was even thinner than he was three years ago when Konstantin Levin last saw him.
He had a short surf on him. And the arms and wide bones seemed even bigger.
The hair became smaller, the same straight mustache hung on the lips, and the same eyes looked strangely and naively at the incoming one.
'Ah, Kostya! 'He spoke suddenly when he recognized his brother, and his eyes turned bright.'
But the second he looked back at the young man, and he made what Konstantin knew of the head and neck movement as if the tie had touched him; and a very different, wild, painful and cruel expression stopped at his deranged face.
'I have written to you and Sergei Ivanovich that I don't know you and I don't want to know you.
What do you want, what do you want?
He wasn't exactly what Konstantin imagined him to be.
The most difficult and bad thing about his character, what made it so difficult to communicate with him, was forgotten by Constantin Levin when he thought about him; and now, when he saw his face, especially the twirling of his head, he remembered all this.
'I don't need to see you for anything,' he answered with humility. 'I just came to see you.
My brother's phantom must have softened Nikolai. He flipped his lips.
'Ah, are you? 'He said.' 'Come in, sit down.
Do you want to have dinner?
Masha, bring three.
No, wait.
Do you know who that is? 'He turned to his brother, pointing to the master in the pin,' said Mr. Kricki, a friend of mine from Kiev, a very wonderful man.
He's, of course, being pursued by the police because he's not a scoundrel.
And he looked back on his habit at all the exes in the room.
When he saw the woman standing in the door moving, he cried out to her, "Wait, I said." And with that indiscretion, with the incompatibility of the conversation that Konstantin knew so well, he, looking back at everyone, began to tell his brother the story of Kricksky: how he was kicked out of the university for having set up a society of wake-up for poor students and Sunday schools, and how he then went to the people's school as a teacher, and how he was kicked out as well, and how he was then judged for something.
'Are you the University of Kiev?' 'Constantin Levin Kricki said to break the awkward silence that had been established.
'Yes, Kiev was,' said Kritsky angryly, drunk.
'And this woman,' interrupted him Nikolai Levin, pointing to her,'my friend of life, Maria Nikolaevna. I took her out of the house, and he pulled his neck, saying it. 'But I love her and respect her and all those who want to know me,' he added by raising his voice and frowning, 'please love and respect her.
She's like my wife, anyway.
Well, you know who you're dealing with. And if you think you're gonna be humiliated, that's God, and that's the threshold.
And again, his eyes ran away questionably.
'Why do I humiliate myself, I do not understand?'
'So tell me, Masha, to bring dinner: three meals, vodka and wine...'
No, wait...
No, don't...
Go on.
'You see,' said Nikolai Levin, with the groining of his forehead and the cluttering.
He must have had a hard time figuring out what to say and what to do. 'You see...' He pointed out in the corner of the room some iron strings bound by the twigs. 'Do you see this?
It's the beginning of a new case that we're starting.
The case is a productive artifact...
Konstantin didn't listen much.
He looked at his painful, cheesy face, and more and more he felt sorry for him, and he couldn't make himself listen to what his brother told him about the artery.
He saw that this artery was only an anchor for saving himself from contempt.
Nikolai Levin continued to say:
'You know that capital is under pressure from an employee,' we men bear the burden of labour and are forced to do so that no matter how hard they work, they cannot escape their livestock.
All the wages they could afford to improve their position, to enjoy their leisure and thus their education, and all the extra pay -- are taken away from them by capitalists.
And so society is that the more they work, the more the merchants, the land owners, and they'll be livestock workers always.
And this order needs to be changed,' he ended up looking at his brother in question.
'Yes, of course,' said Constantin, looking at the blush, who spoke under his brother's outstanding cheeks.
'And here we are setting up an artery, where all the production, and the lemons, most of all the tools of production, will be in common.'
'Where will the artifact be?' 'Ask Konstantin Levin.
'In the village of Azdrem, of Kazan Obernia.
'Why is it in the village?'
In the countryside, I think there's a lot going on.
Why is there a locksmith in the village?
'And because men are now the same slaves as they were before, and it makes you and Sergei Ivanich uncomfortable that they want to be taken out of this slavery,' said Nikolai Levin, angry with the objection.
Konstantin Levin sighed, looking around the room, dark and filthy.
This breath seemed even more annoying to Nikolai.
'I know you and Sergei Ivanich have aristocratic views.
I know he's using all his mental powers to justify the evil that exists.
'No, why are you talking about Sergei Ivanovich? 'Speaks with a smile, Levin.'
'Oh, Sergei Ivanovic?'
But here's the thing!-- suddenly, in the name of Sergei Ivanovich, Nikolai Levin cried out,--that's what...
What can I say?
Just one thing...
Why did you come to see me?
You despise it, and fine, and go with God, go!-- he screamed from the chair, and go and go!
'I do not despise at all,' said Konstantin Levin shyly. 'I don't even argue.
Maria Nikolaevna returned at that time.
Nikolai Levin pissed at her.
She quickly approached him and whispered something.
'I'm not well, I'm annoying,' said he, calming and breathing hard, Nikolai Levin, 'and then you tell me about Sergei Ivanović and his article.
It's such nonsense, it's such lies, it's so self-loathing.
What can a man who doesn't know her write about justice?
Have you read his article? 'He turned to Kritz, once again sitting on the table and moving from him to half of the papyros's papyros to recite the place.
'I didn't read it,' said Kritsky, who apparently didn't want to talk.
'Why? 'Cause now he's irritatingly turned to Kricki Nikolai Levin.
'Cause I don't think it's necessary to waste time.
'I mean, allow me, why do you know you'll be wasting your time?'
Many do not have access to this article, that is, above them.
But I, on the other hand, can see through his thoughts and I know why it's weak.
Everybody shut up.
Cricket slowly stood up and took the hat.
'Would you like to have dinner?'
Well, goodbye.
Come with the locksmith tomorrow.
Kritsky just got out, Nikolai Levin smiled and winked.
'That's too bad,' he said. 'Cause I see...
But Kritsky called him in the doorway at the time.
'What more do you need?' 'He said, and went out to him into the hallway.'
Left alone with Maria Nikolaevna, Levin turned to her.
'How long have you been with your brother?' 'He said to her.
'This is the second year.
Their health has become very poor. They drink a lot,' she said.
'What do you mean, he drinks?'
'The vodka is drunk and they are hurt.'
'How much is it?' 'Whether Levin whispered.'
'Yes,' she said, looking shyly at the door in which Nikolai Levin appeared.
'What were you talking about? 'He said, frowning and turning his frightened eyes from one to another. 'On what?
'Nothing is said,' Konstantin replied, embarrassingly.
'You don't want to say what you want.'
But you don't have to talk to her.
She's a girl, and you're a bastard,' he said with his neck strung. 'You, I see, have understood and appreciated everything and have regretted my error,' he said again, raising his voice.
'Nicolai Dmitrich, Nikolai Dmitrich,' whispered Mary Nikolaevna again, approaching him.
'Well, all right, all right! '
What's the matter with dinner?
Ah, there he is,' he said, seeing a footman with a tray. 'This way, put it here,' he said angryly, and immediately took a vodka, poured a drink and had a greedy drink. 'Drink it, will you?' 'He turned to his brother, laughing immediately.' 'Well, it will be about Sergei Ivanovic.
It's good to see you.
It's no use, it's not anyone else's.
Come on, have a drink.
Tell me, what are you doing?-- he continued, greedyly chewing over a piece of bread and pouring another drink. 'How do you live?
'I live alone in the village as I used to live and do business,' replied Constantin, looking horribly at the greed with which his brother had been drinking and eating, and trying to hide his attention.
'Why aren't you getting married?
'I didn't have to,' said Constantin red.
'Why?
I'm done!
I ruined my life.
That's what I said, and I'll say that if they gave me my part when I needed it, my whole life would be different.
Konstantin Dmitrich has rushed the conversation.
'Do you know that I have your Vanyusha in my office? 'He said.'
Nikolai pulled his neck and thought.
'Why don't you tell me what's going on in Pokrovsk? What, the house is all standing, and the birches and ours are great?
Philip the gardener, is he still alive?
As I remember the gazebo and the couch!
Look, don't change anything in the house, but get married and start the same thing again.
I'll come to you if your wife's good.
'Come to me now,' said Levin. 'How good we would be!
'I would have come to you if I had known I wouldn't have found Sergei Ivanovic.'
'You won't find him.
I live completely independently of him.
'Yes, but whatever you say, you must choose between me and him,' he said, looking modestly into his brother's eyes.
This impertinence has touched Constantin.
'If you want to know all my confession in this regard, I will tell you that in your argument with Sergei Ivanov, I do not take either side.
You're both wrong. You're wrong in a more external way, and he's more inside.
'Ah, ah!
You understand that, you understand that? 'Happily Nikolai cried out.'
'But I personally, if you want to know, am more fond of being friends with you because...
'Why, why?
Constantin couldn't say he cared because Nikolai was unhappy and needed friendship.
But Nikolai realized that that's what he wanted to say, and then he got frowned upon and went back to the vodka.
'It will be, Nikolai Dmitrich!' said Maria Nikolaevna, extending a swollen naked hand to the Countess.
'Let go of me!
Don't bother!
I'll kill you!-- he screamed.
Maria Nikolaevna smiled with a mild and kind smile, which also reported to Nikolai and accepted the vodka.
'Do you think she doesn't understand?' 'Cause Nikolai said. 'She understands all this better than all of us.
Is it true there's something good about her, sweetheart?
'You've never been to Moscow before? 'I told her Constantin to say something.'
'Don't tell her.
She's afraid of it.
She has no one but the Justice of the Peace, when she was tried for wanting to leave the house of debauchery, no one told you. Oh, my God, that doesn't make any sense! 'And suddenly he cried out.' 'These new institutions, these justices of the peace, the earth, what a mess!
And he started talking about his clashes with new institutions.
Constantin Levin listened to him, and the denial of meaning in all public institutions that he shared with him and often spoke to him was now unpleasant to him from his brother's mouth.
'In that world we will understand all this,' he said, kidding.
'In the world?'
Oh, I don't like that light! 'I don't like it,' he said, stopping the frightened wild eyes on his brother's face. 'And it seems to me that it would be good to get out of all the filth, the confusion, and the stranger and his own, and I fear death, and I fear death awfully.' 'He shuddered. 'Drink something.
You want some champagne?
Or we could go somewhere.
Let's go to the gypsies!
You know, I really loved gypsies and Russian songs.
His tongue got in the way, and he went from one subject to another.
Konstantin, with the help of Masha, persuaded him not to go anywhere and put him to sleep completely drunk.
Masha promised to write to Constantin in case of need and to persuade Nikolai Levin to come and live with her brother.
In the morning, Konstantin Levin left Moscow and arrived home by evening.
Darling, in the car, he spoke to his neighbors about politics, about new railways, and, just as in Moscow, he was struck by confusion of concepts, displeasure of himself, shame before something; but when he came out of his station, he learned of the crooked Ignat coucher with the high collar, when he saw in the dark light falling out of the windows of the station, his carpet sleigh, his horses with their tails tied, his horses tied up with rings and mohrats, when the Ignat coach was still in bed, he told him the village news, the arrival of the rowman and the fact that Pava had settled -- he felt that there was some confusion and shame and displeasure of herself.
He felt it at one sight of Ignat and the horses: but when he put on the skull which was brought to him, he sat down, wrapped up, in the sled, and went, thinking about the coming orders in the village, and looking at the drawing, the former upper, the Donan, the torn horse, he had a different understanding of what had happened to him.
He felt like himself and didn't want to be anyone else.
He only wanted to be better now than he was before.
First, from this day forward, he decided that he would no longer hope for the extraordinary happiness that he should have been given to marry, and therefore would not so neglect the present.
Secondly, he would never allow himself to be drawn to the vile passion that he was so tormented by when he was about to propose.
Then, remembering his brother Nikolai, he decided with himself that he would never let himself forget him again, would keep an eye on him, and would not let him out of sight to be ready for help when he had to be ill.
And that's gonna be soon, he felt it.
Then the brother's conversation about communism, to which he was so easy at the time, made him think.
He considered the transformation of economic conditions to be nonsense, but he had always felt the injustice of his excess in comparison with the poverty of the people and had now decided for himself that, in order to feel right, he, although he had previously worked hard and had not lived luxuriously, would now work even more and would allow himself even less luxury.
And all of this seemed so easy for him to do on himself that he spent the whole way in the most pleasant dreams. With a renewed sense of hope for a new, better life, he arrived at his home at 9:00 a.m.
From the windows of Agatha Mikhaylovna's room, an old nanny who served as a housekeeper in his house, the light fell on the snow of the site in front of the house.
She hasn't slept yet. Kuzma, waked up by her, sleepy and barefoot, ran out on the porch.
Laska's lying bitch, almost knocked Kuzma off her feet, jumped out and screamed, rubbed her knees on his knees, climbed up, and wanted to not have the courage to put her forelegs on his chest.
'At short notice, my father has returned,' said Agatha Mikhaylovna.
'I miss you, Agatha Mikhaylovna.
He answered her and went into the office.
The office was slowly lit with a candle. Some familiar details came out: deer horns, book shelves, oven mirror with a deadbeat that should have been fixed a long time ago, father's couch, big table, open book on the table, broken ashtray, notebook with his handwriting.
When he saw all this, he was in doubt for a moment about the opportunity to build the new life he had dreamed of dearly.
He said, "No, you will not leave us, nor will you be any other than yourself."
But that's what his things said, the other voice in the shower said that you shouldn't obey the past and that it was possible to do anything to yourself.
And by listening to that voice, he came up to the corner where he had two pudding guries, and started raising them gymnastically, trying to keep himself awake.
There were steps squeaking behind the door. He put the giri in haste.
The orderman came in and said everything, thank God, was safe, but said the Greeks in the new dryer were burned.
The news has annoyed Levin.
The new dryer was built and part of it was invented by Levin.
The order was always against this dryer and now, with a hidden celebration, announced that the Greeks had burned down.
Levin was firmly convinced that if it burned, it was simply because the measures he had ordered had not been taken hundreds of times.
He got pissed off, and he reprimanded the orderman.
But there was an important and joyful event: Pava, the best, dear, bought from a cow's exhibition, moved in.
'Kuzma, give me the dumbass.
You tell me to take a flashlight, I'll take a look,' he said to the orderman.
The cattle for the expensive cows were behind the house right now.
Passing through the yard by the syringe, he approached the cattle.
Smells like a dung, warm ferry when the door opened, and the cows, surprised by the unusual light of the lantern, moved on a fresh straw...
The Dutch woman's smooth black-and-peg wide back came to light.
Berkut, the bull, lay with his ring in his mouth and wanted to get up, but he thought about it and only kicked it twice when he walked by. A red beauty, as big as hippopotamus, Pava turned her back and hid and sniffed the calf.
Levin entered the daylight, looked back at Pava, and raised a red - pegoy calf on his shaky long legs. Pava was agitated, but she calmed down when Levin moved a chick to her, and with a heavy sigh, she licked her with her woolly tongue.
The chick, looking for her, pushed her nose under her mother's groin and turned her tail.
'Here's the light, Fedor, and there's a lamp,' said Levin, looking around the chick. 'To Mother!