'I believe that these signs are known,' said Alexis Alexandrovich.
'Are they well known?' &quot; Koznyshev intervened with a subtle smile. 'It is now recognized that real education can only be classical; but we see bitter arguments on both sides, and it cannot be denied that the opposing camp has no strong argument in its favour.
'You're a classic, Sergei Ivanovich.
Would you like a red one? 'Stepan Arkadić said.'
'I do not express my opinion on both entities,' said Sergei Ivanovic, with a smile of condescending as a child, posing his glass, 'I say only that both sides have strong arguments,' he continued, turning to Alexei Alexandrovich. 'I am a classic in education, but in this argument, I personally cannot find my place.
I don't see clear arguments why classical science is given priority over real science.
'Natures have the same educational and developmental influence,' picked up Peskov. 'Take one astronomy, take a nerd, a zoology with its common law system!
'I can't quite agree with that,' replied Alexis Alexandrovich. 'It seems to me that one cannot but admit that the very process of learning the forms of languages is particularly beneficial to spiritual development.
Moreover, it cannot be denied that the influence of classical writers is highly moral, whereas unfortunately, the harmful and false teachings that make up the ulcers of our time are associated with the teaching of natural sciences.
Koznyshev wanted to say something, but Pestsov killed him with his thick bass.
He was eager to prove the injustice of that view.
Koznyshev quietly waited for a word, apparently with a winning objection.
'But,' said Koznyshev, smiling in a subtle manner and addressing Karenin, 'we cannot but agree that it is difficult to weigh the full benefits and disadvantages of these and other sciences and that the question of which to choose would not have been resolved so soon and definitively if there had not been on the side of classical education the advantage you have now expressed -- moral -- disons le mot -- of anti-nihilistic influence.
'No doubt.
'Had it not been for this advantage of anti-nihilistic influence on the side of classical science, we would have more thought, would have weighed the arguments of both sides,' said Koznyshev with a subtle smile, 'we would have given space to both directions.
But now we know that these pills of classical education contain the healing power of anti-nighilism, and we offer them with courage to our patients...
What, no healing power? 'He concluded by pouring an apt salt.'
In the pills of Sergei Ivanovich, everyone laughed, especially loud and funny Turovtsyn, who finally waited for the funny thing he was waiting for when he heard the conversation.
Stepan Arkadić was right to invite Pessov.
With Sand talk, the smart man couldn't stop talking for a minute.
Koznyshev just made a conversation with his joke, and Peskov immediately picked up a new one.
'It is not even acceptable,' he said, 'that the Government should have that goal.
The Government seems to be guided by general considerations, remaining indistinguishable to the effects that measures may have.
For example, the issue of women &apos; s education should have been considered to be harmful, but the Government was opening women &apos; s courses and universities.
And the conversation immediately bounced on the new subject of women's education.
Aleksey Alexandrovich suggested that the education of women was usually mixed with the issue of women's freedom and therefore could only be considered harmful.
'I think, on the contrary, that these two issues are inextricably linked,' said Pessov, 'it is a false circle.
Women are deprived of their rights due to lack of education and lack of education is due to lack of rights.
We must remember that the enslavement of women is so great and old that we often do not want to understand what separates them from us, he said.
'You said &apos; right, &apos; said Koznyshev, waiting for Pessov &apos; s silence, &quot; the right &quot; to hold jury, vowel, chairman, employee &apos; right, member of parliament...
'No doubt.
'But if women, as a rare exception, can take up these seats, then I think you've misused the expression 'right'.'
It's better to say, responsibilities.
Everyone will agree that by acting as a juror, vowel, telegraphian, we feel that we are doing our duty.
And that's why it's more accurate to say that women are looking for responsibilities, and it's perfectly legal.
And one can only sympathize with this desire to help men work together.
'Surely,' confirmed Alexis Alexandrovich. 'The only question, I believe, is whether they are capable of these responsibilities.
'It is likely that they will be very capable,' said Stepan Arkadić, 'when education will spread among them.
We see it...
'And the proverb? 'The prince said, having listened to the conversation for a long time and glittering with his little mocking eyes,' said the princess, 'the hair is long enough...
'That's what they thought of the Negroes before they were released! 'He said with anger Peskov.'
'I find it only strange that women are looking for new responsibilities,' said Koznyshev, 'and unfortunately we see that men usually avoid them.
'The duties involve rights; power, money, honor: women are looking for them,' said Sandsov...
'It's like I'd be looking for the right to be a nurse and be offended that women are being paid and I'm not wanted,' said the old prince.
Turovtsyn was laughing loudly, and Sergei Ivanovic regretted that he wasn't the one who said it.
Even Alexei Alexandrovich smiled.
'Yes, but a man cannot feed,' said Sandsov, 'and a woman...
'No, an Englishman fed his child on the ship,' said the old prince, allowing himself this freeness of conversation with his daughters.
'How many of these are English, and how many women will be officials,' said Sergei Ivanovic.
'Yes, but what shall a girl who has no family do?' 'Stepan Arkadić came forward, remembering Chibisova, which he had always meant, empathizing with Pessov and supporting him.
'If you take a good look at this girl's story, you'll find that this girl left her family, or her own sister, where she could have a woman's business,' said suddenly when she entered into a conversation with the irritation of Daria Alexandrovna, probably guessing which girl Stepan Arkadić had in mind.
'But we stand for the principle, for the ideal! 'The sound bass objected to Sandsov.' 'The woman wants to have the right to be independent, educated.'
She's shy, depressed by the fact that she can't do it.
'And I am shy and depressed that I shall not be admitted to a nursing home,' said the old prince again, to the great joy of Turovtsyn, with the laughter of the asparagus who dropped the fat end into the sauce.
Everyone took part in the general conversation, except for Kitty and Levin.
At first, when it came to the influence that one nation had on another, Levin was unaware of what he had to say on this subject; but these thoughts, before him, were very important, as though in a dream they were in his head and no longer had any interest in him.
He wondered why they were trying so hard to talk about things that no one needed.
For Kitty, likewise, it seemed interesting what they said about women's rights and education.
How many times did she think about it, remembering her foreign friend Varenka, her heavy addiction, how many times she thought of herself, what would happen to her if she didn't marry her, and how many times she argued with her sister about it!
But now she wasn't interested in it at all.
They had a conversation with Levin, not a conversation, but some mysterious association that, with each passing minute, linked them closer and created in both a sense of joyous fear in front of the unknown they entered into.
Levin first, to Kitty's question about how he could have seen her in a carriage last year, told her how he had walked off the side of the road and met her.
'It was early in the morning.
You must have just woken up.
Your man slept in his corner.
It was a lovely morning.
I'm going and I'm thinking, who's the four in the carriage? The nice four with the bubblings, and for a moment you blinked, and I see through the window -- you sit like this with both hands holding your caps and thinking about something awful,' he said, smiling. 'I wish I knew what you were thinking.'
What's important?
"Wasn't it cracked?" 'She thought; but when she saw the enthralled smile that was caused in his memory by these details, she felt that, on the contrary, the impression she had made was very good.
She was blushing and laughing. 'Really, I don't remember.
'How well Turovtsyn laughs!' said Levin, looking at his damp eyes and shaking body.
'How long have you known him?' 'Ask Kitty.
'Who doesn't know him!
'And I see you think he is a bad man?'
'Not a bad one, but a pitiful one.'
'And it is not true!
And don't think like that again! 'Oh, Kitty said.' 'I too had a very low opinion of him, but this, this is a noble and wonderfully kind man.
His heart is gold.
'How could you recognize his heart?' 'He and I are great friends.
I know him very well.
Last winter, shortly after... we had you,' she said with guilt and with a trusting smile,' Dolly had all the children in Scarlatin, and he came to her once.
And you can imagine,' she whispered,' she felt so sorry for her that he stayed and helped her go after her children.
Yeah, and he lived in their house for three weeks, and like a babysitter, he followed the kids.
'I tell Konstantin Dmitrich about Turovtsin in Scarlatin,' she said, bowing to her sister.
'Yes, it is amazing, it is lovely!' said Dolly, looking at Turovtsin, who felt that he had been spoken of, and smiled softly at him.
Levin once again looked at Turovtsin and was surprised how he had not previously understood the beauty of the man.
'It's my fault, my fault, and I will never think ill of people again. Funly he said, speaking sincerely what he now felt.
In a deliberate conversation about women &apos; s rights, women &apos; s questions about unequal rights in marriage were sensitive.
Sands came to these questions several times during lunch, but Koznyshev and Stepan Arkadić carefully rejected him.
When they got up from behind the table and the ladies came out, Pestsov, without following them, turned to Alexei Alexandrovich and began to speak about the root cause of inequality.
The inequality of the spouses, in his view, was that the infidelity of the wife and the infidelity of the husband were not equal to that of the law and public opinion.
Stepan Arkadič rushed up to Alexei Alexandrovich to offer him a smoke.
'No, I don't smoke,' answered Alexis Alexandrovich calmly and, as if he had deliberately wanted to show that he was not afraid of this conversation, turned to Sandsov with a cold smile.
'I believe that the basis for this view lies in the very essence of things,' he said, and wanted to go into the living room; but he suddenly spoke to Turovtsyn, turning to Alexei Alexandrovich.
'Have you ever heard of Sparrow?' 'Turovtsyn said, busy with a drink of champagne, and long waiting to break his heavy silence. 'Vasya Spryanikov,' he said with his good smile of moist and blubber lips, addressing mainly the main guest, Alexei Alexandrovich, 'I was told today, he fought on a duel in Tveri with Quatsky and killed him.
As always, it seems as if you're beating up as deliberately as it is a sick spot, and now Stepan Arkadych felt that in trouble today, every minute of the day, the conversation attacked the sick spot of Alexey Alexandrovich.
He wanted to take his son-in-law away again, but he asked him with curiosity:
'What did the Sparrows fight for?'
'To my wife.
Well done!
Called and killed!
'Ah!' said Alexi Alexandrovich with indifference, and lifted his eyebrows and went into the living room.
'How glad I am that you have come,' said Dolly to him with a frightened smile, meeting him in the living room, 'I need to talk to you.
Sit here.
With the same expression of indifference that raised his eyebrows, he sat down in the vicinity of Daria Alexandrovna and pretended to smile.
'All the more so,' he said, 'that I wanted to apologize to you and to reject you immediately.
I have to go tomorrow.
Daria Alexandrovna was firmly convinced of Anna's innocence and felt that she was pale and trembling her lips with anger at this cold, insensitive man, so dying to destroy her innocent friend.
'Alexei Alexandrovich,' she said, looking into his eyes with desperate determination. 'I asked you about Anna, you didn't answer me.
What is she?
'She seems healthy, Daria Alexandrovna,' replied Alexi Alexandrovich, without looking at her.
'Alexei Alexandrovich, forgive me, I have no right... but as my sister, I love and respect Anna; I beg you, I beg you to tell me what is between you? What are you accusing her of?
Alexey Alexandrovich shriveled and, almost closed his eyes, his head fell down.
'I believe that my husband has given you the reasons why I think it is necessary to change my previous attitude towards Anna Arkadievna,' he said, not looking her in the eye, but unsatisfiedly looking through Scherbatsky's living room.
'I don't believe it, I don't believe it, I can't believe it!' pressed her bony hands in front of her with a strong gesture, said Dolly.
She quickly stood up and put her hand on the sleeve of Alexey Alexandrovich. 'We're gonna get in the way here. Come here, please.
Dolly's excitement was directed at Alexei Alexandrovich.
He stood up and humbly followed her to the classroom.
They sat down at the table, covered with cut-up penknifes with glue.
'I don't believe it, I don't believe it!' said Dolly, trying to catch his avoiding look.
'We cannot disbelieve the facts, Daria Alexandrovna,' he said, hitting the word with the facts.
'But what did she do?' 'Darya Alexandrovna spoke.' 'What exactly did she do?'
'She has despised her duties and cheated on her husband.
This is what she did,' he said.
'No, no, it can't be!
No, for God's sake, you were wrong!' said Dolly, touching his hands to the temples and closing her eyes.
Aleksey Alexandrovich smiled coldly with the same lips, wishing to show her and himself the firmness of his conviction; but this warm protection, though not to hesitate him, was poisoning his wound.
He spoke with a lot of excitement.
'It is very difficult to make mistakes when the wife herself announces the husband.' He said that eight years of his life and his son -- that it was all a mistake and that she wanted to live first -- were angry with his nose.
'Anna and vice -- I can't connect, I can't believe it.
'Daria Alexandrovna!' he said, looking straight at Dolly's good excited face and feeling that his tongue was loosen. 'I would have given dearly so that doubt might still be possible.'
When I doubted it, it was hard, but it was easier than it is now.
When I doubted, there was hope; but now there is no hope, and I still doubt everything.
I doubt everything that I hate my son and sometimes I don't believe it's my son.
I'm very unhappy.
He shouldn't have said that.
She understood it as soon as he looked into her face; and she felt sorry for him, and the belief in her friend's innocence was shaken in her.
'Ah! It's awful, it's awful!
But is it true that you decided to divorce?
'I have decided on the last resort.
I don't have anything else to do.
'There is nothing to do, nothing to do...' she said with tears in her eyes. 'No, there's nothing to do! 'She said.'
'Something terrible in this kind of grief that, like any other -- you can't carry a cross in loss, in death, and then you have to act,' he said, as if guessing her thought. 'It is necessary to get out of the humiliating position in which you are placed: you cannot live in three.
'I understand, I understand that very much,' said Dolly and lowered her head.
She kept quiet, thinking of herself, of her family's grief, and suddenly, with an energy gesture, she lifted her head and folded her arms with a begging gesture. 'But wait!
You're a Christian.
Think about her!
What will happen to her if you leave her?
'I thought, Daria Alexandrovna, and I thought a lot,' said Alexandrovich.
His face turned red with stains, and his dark eyes looked right at her.
Daria Alexandrovna has already felt sorry for him with all her soul. 'I did the very thing after it was declared to me, my shame itself; I left everything as it was.'
I gave her the opportunity to fix it, I tried to save her.
What's that?
She did not meet the easiest requirement -- respect for decency -- he said in a heated manner. 'It is possible to save a man who does not want to die; but if nature is so spoiled, it is corrupted that the most destruction seems to her to be salvation, what is to be done?
'That's it, not the divorce! 'Daria Alexandrovna answered.
'But what is it?'
'No, it's awful.
She's gonna be nobody's wife, she's gonna die!
'What can I do?' 'Picked up his shoulders and eyebrows,' said Alexis Alexandrovich.
The memory of his wife's latest wrongdoing was so annoying that he became cold again, as at the beginning of the conversation. 'I thank you very much for your participation, but I have to go,' he said, getting up.
'No, wait!
You mustn't destroy her.
Wait, I'll tell you about myself.
I got married, and my husband lied to me; in anger, jealousy, I wanted to give up everything, I wanted to...
But I remembered, and who was it? Anna saved me.
And here I am.
Kids grow up, husband goes back to his family and feels wrong, makes it cleaner, makes it better, and I live...
I've forgiven you, and you must forgive!
Aleksey Alexandrovich listened, but her words no longer applied to him.
The evil of the day when he decided to divorce him rose up in his soul.
He fell off and said with a shiny, loud voice:
'I can't forgive, and I don't want to, and I find it unfair.
I've done everything for this woman, and she's trampled everything into the dirt that she has.
I'm not an evil man, I've never hated anyone, but I hate her with all my soul and I can't even forgive her because I hate her too much for all the evil she's done to me! 'He spoke with tears of anger in his voice.'
'Love those who hate you...' ashamedly whispered to Daria Alexandrovna.
Alexey Alexandrovich laughed in contempt.
He knew that a long time ago, but it couldn't have been relevant to his case.
'You love those who hate you, but you cannot love those you hate.'
I'm sorry I upset you.
Everyone has enough grief! 'And, having mastered himself, Alexis Alexandrovich quietly said goodbye and left.
When they got up from behind the table, Levin wanted to go after Kitty in the living room; but he was afraid that she would find it unpleasant because of the obvious nature of his courtship for her.
He stayed in the men's circle, accepting happiness in the general conversation, and without looking at Kitty, felt her movements, her views, and the place she was in the living room.
He has now fulfilled, without the slightest effort, the promise he made to her -- always think well of all people and always love everyone.
The conversation came about a community in which Peskov saw a special beginning called the choir start.
Levin disagreed neither with Pessov nor with his brother, who somehow recognized and rejected the importance of the Russian community.
But he spoke to them, trying only to reconcile them and soften their objections.
He had no interest in what he himself had said, much less what they had said, and only wished for one thing -- that they and all should be well and pleased.
He knew now what was important.
And that one was first there in the living room, and then it started moving and stopped by the door.
Without turning around, he felt a glance and a smile and couldn't help but turn around.
She stood in the door with Scherbatsky and looked at him.
'I thought you were going to the piano,' he said, approaching her. 'This is what I lack in the village: music.
'No, we only went to call you, and thank you,' she said, as a gift, giving him a smile, 'that you had come.
What's the problem with arguing?
'Cause one never convinces the other.
'Yes, it is true,' said Levin, 'for the most part, you argue hotly only because you can't understand exactly what the enemy wants to prove.
Levin often noticed in disputes between the smartest people that after a great deal of effort, a great amount of logic and words, the disputants finally came to realize that what they had fought for a long time, long ago, from the beginning of the dispute, was known to them, but that they loved different things and therefore did not want to say what they loved to avoid being challenged.
He often felt that sometimes during a dispute you would understand what the enemy loved, and suddenly you would love it yourself, and at once you would accept it, and then all the arguments would go away as unnecessary; and sometimes you would feel the opposite: you would finally say what you loved and why you made up the argument, and if it happened that you would say it well and sincerely, then the opponent would agree and stop arguing.
That's what he meant.
She wrinkled her forehead, trying to understand.
But he just started explaining, she already understood.
'I understand, we need to find out what he's arguing about, what he loves, then we can...'
She guessed quite well and expressed his ill-expressed thoughts.
Levin smiled with joy, as he was impressed by this transition from a confused, multiword dispute with Pessov and his brother to this concise and clear, almost wordless, message of the most difficult thoughts.
Shcherbatsky walked away from them, and Kitty came up to the folded card table, and sat down, and took the small things into his hands, and drew on them a new green bitch the different circles.
They resumed the conversation at lunch: women's freedom and activities.
Levin agreed with the view of Darya Alexandrovna that a girl who had not married would find a woman's cause in the family.
He confirmed that no family could do without a helper, that every poor and rich family had and should have a babysitter, a wager, or a family member.
'No,' said Kitty red, but the braver looking at him with her true eyes, 'the girl can be so inclined that she cannot enter the family without humiliation, but herself...
He understood her with a hint.
'Oh! Yes! 'He said, 'Yes, yes, yes, you are right, you are right!
And he understood everything he could at lunch prove to the Sandsov about women's freedom only by seeing in Kitty's heart the fear of virginity and humiliation, and by loving her, he felt that fear and humiliation and immediately retracted his arguments.
There's been a silence.
She kept making chalk on the table.
Her eyes glittered softly.
Subjecting to her mood, he felt the growing tension of happiness throughout his being. I don't know.
'Ah! I've made up the whole table!' she said, and by putting down the chalk, she made a move, like she wanted to get up.
"How am I gonna be alone without her?" 'He thought with horror, and took the crumb.' 'Wait,' he said, sitting on the table. 'I've wanted to ask you one thing for a long time.
He looked her right in the gentle, though scared eyes.
'Please ask.
'Here,' he said, and wrote the initial letters: by, in, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
They said, "When did you say to me, 'This can't be, did it mean that it was never, or then?'"
There was no possibility that she could understand that complex phrase; but he looked at her with such a view that his life depended on whether she understood those words.
She took a serious look at him, then she had a frowny forehead on her hand and started reading.
She sometimes looked at him, asking him, "Is that what I think it is?"
'I understand,' she said, blushing.
'What word is that?' 'He said, pointing to the n, which meant the word never.'
'This word means never,' she said, 'but it is not true!
He quickly erased the writing, gave her chalk, and stood up.
She wrote: t, me, n, m, and, oh.
Dolly was very content with the grief caused to her by the conversation with Alexei Alexandrovich when she saw these two figures: Kitty, with a small in her hand and a smile of shy and happy looking up at Levin, and his beautiful, beautiful frog, leaning over the table, with his burning eyes on the table, upon her.
All of a sudden, he's blazing, he gets it.
It meant, "then I couldn't answer it otherwise."
He looked at her questionably, shyly.
'Only then?'
'Yes,' answered her smile.
'And t...
And now? 'He asked.'
'Well, read it.
I'll say what I want. I wish I could! 'She wrote the initial letters:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.
It meant "so that you could forget and forgive what happened."
He grabbed the chalk with his intense, trembling fingers and broke it and wrote the initial letters: "I have nothing to forget and forgive, I have never stopped loving you."
She looked at him with a smile.
'I understand,' she whispered.
He sat down and wrote a long phrase.
She understood everything, and she didn't ask him, did she? I took the chalk, and I answered immediately.
He could not understand what she had written for a long time and often looked into her eyes.
He's been eclipsed by happiness.
There was no way he could frame the words she understood; but in the lovely, happy eyes of her, he understood everything he needed to know.
And he wrote three letters.
But he hasn't finished writing yet, and she's already read behind his hand, and she's finished and recorded the answer: Yes.
'Do you play the secretariat?' 'He said to the old prince, coming.' 'Well, let's go, though, if you want to go to the theater.
Levin stood up and walked Kitty to the door.
Everything was said to them in their conversation. It was said that she loved him, and that she would tell his father and mother that he would come tomorrow morning.
When Kitty left and Levin was left alone, he felt so anxious without her and so impatient a desire to live quickly until tomorrow morning, when he would see her again and join her forever, that he was afraid, like death, of the fourteen hours he had to spend without her.
He had to be and talk to someone so he wouldn't be alone to fool time.
Stepan Arkadić would have been the nicest person to talk to, but he was on his way, as he said, to the evening, actually to the ballet.
Levin was only able to tell him that he was happy and that he loved him and would never, ever forget what he had done for him.
The look and smile of Stepan Arkadiyić showed Levin how he understood that feeling.
'Well, isn't it time to die?' 'Stepan Arkadić said, shaking Levin's hand with pity.
'Nnneth! 'Said Levin.'
When she said goodbye to him, she also kind of congratulated him, saying: 'How glad I am that you have met Kitty again, you must cherish old friendships.
But Levin was not pleased with these words of Darya Aleandrov.
She couldn't understand how it was all high and inaccessible to her, and she shouldn't have dared mention it.
Levin said goodbye to them, but in order not to be alone, he began to cling to his brother.
'Where are you going?
'I am in a meeting.
'Well, I'm with you.
May I?
'Why? 'Let's go,' said Koznyshev, smiling. 'What is wrong with you today?
'With me?
Happy with me! 'Said Levin, dropping down the window of the boat in which they were driving.' 'Are you all right? It's hot.
Happy with me!
Why didn't you ever get married?
'I am very pleased, she seems to be a glorious de...' started Sergei Ivanovic.
'Don't say, don't say, don't say! 'Screamed Levin, grabbing him with both hands by the collar of his coat and smelling it.'
"She's a nice girl" was such simple, base words, so inappropriate to his senses.
Koznyshev laughed at the funny laugh he rarely had.
'Well, I can still say that I am very happy about it.
'It can be tomorrow, tomorrow, and nothing else! Nothing, nothing, silence!' said Levin, and by smelling him again, added:---I love you very much!
Well, can I be in the meeting?
'Of course you can.
'What are you talking about now?' 'I asked Levin not to stop smiling.
They came to the meeting. Levin listened as a secretary, in writing, reading a protocol that he apparently did not understand; but Levin saw in the face of that secretary how kind, kind, and glorious he was.
This could be seen by the way he messed up and embarrassed by reading the protocol.
Then the speeches started.
They argued about the withdrawal of some sums and about the holding of some pipes, and Sergei Ivanovov hurt two members and spoke for a very long time; and another member, writing something on a piece of paper, buried it at first, but then answered it very poisonously and nicely.
And then Sviyazhsky said something so beautiful and noble, too.
Levin listened to them, and he clearly saw that neither those sums, nor the pipes, nor any of them, and that they were not angry at all at all, and that they were all such kind, glorious people, and so it was all good, it was nice between them.
They didn't bother anyone, and everyone was pleased.
It was wonderful for Levin that they were all visible to him today, and by small, previously invisible signs, he recognized each other's soul and clearly saw that they were all kind. Especially him, Levina, they all loved him very much today.
It was evident from the way they spoke to him, how gentle they looked at him with love, even to strangers.
'Are you happy?' 'Saying to him, Koznyshev.'
'Very.
I didn't think it was that interesting!
All right, all right!
Sviyazhsky approached Levin and invited him to drink tea.
Levin could not understand and remember what he was displeased with in Sviyazhsky, what he was looking for from him.
He was a smart and amazingly kind man.
'It is very good,' he said, and asked about his wife and his sister-in-law.
And according to a strange way of thinking, because in his imagination the thought of Sviyazhsky's sister-in-law was involved with the marriage, he felt that it would be better for no one to tell his happiness as Sviyazhsky's wife and sister-in-law, and he was very happy to go to them.
Sviyazhsky questioned him about his case in the village, as always, without any possibility of finding anything that had not been found in Europe, and it was no longer unpleasant to Levin.
On the other hand, he felt that Sviyazhsky was right, that the matter was null and void, and he saw an amazing tenderness and tenderness with which Sviyazhsky avoided saying his right.
The ladies of Sviyazhsky were especially nice. Levin felt that they all already knew and sympathized with him, but did not speak only out of sensitivity.
He sat with them for an hour, two, three, talking about different things, but he implied one thing that filled his soul, and he didn't notice that he was annoying to them and that it was long overdue for them to sleep.
Sviyazhsky walked him to the front, the winter, and surprised by the strange state in which his friend was living.
It was the second hour.
Levin returned to the hotel and feared how he would now spend the ten hours that he had left with his own eyes.
The man who did not sleep lit his candles, and wanted to leave, but Levin stopped him.
The footman, Egor, whom Levin had not previously noticed, turned out to be a very smart and good man and, above all, a kind man.
'What, is it difficult, Egor, not to sleep?
'What to do!
Our position is like this.
The gentlemen are the deadliest, but there are more calculations here.
Turns out Egorah had a family, a boy and a seamstress's daughter, who he wanted to marry to a storyteller in a showshop.
Levin told Egor on this occasion that it was love that mattered, and that with love you would always be happy, because happiness is only in you.
Egor listened carefully and apparently fully understood Levin's point, but in the light of her, he made an unexpected remark to Levin that when he lived with good gentlemen, he was always pleased with his lords and was quite pleased with his master, even though he was French.
"A strangely kind man," Levin thought.
'Well, did you, Egor, when you got married, love your wife?
'How can I not love you,' answered Egor.
And Levin saw that Egor was also in an enthralled state and intended to express all his feelings.
'My life is also amazing.
'I am a sympathetic...' he began, with his eyes glittering, apparently infected with Levin's enthusiasm, just as people infect themselves with the soothing.
But at that time the call was heard: Egor went away, and Levin was left alone.
He hardly ate anything at lunch, refused tea and dinner at Sviyazhski's, but couldn't think of dinner.
He didn't sleep last night, but he couldn't think about sleeping.
The room was fresh, but he was strangled by heat.
He opened both forts and sat on the table against the fort. Because of the snow-coated roofs, you can see the scrubbed cross with chains and above it -- the rising triangle of the constellation of Voznica with the yellow-tan Capella.
He looked at the cross, he looked at the star, he breathed into himself fresh, cold air, running into the room evenly, and, as in a dream, he watched the images and memories that appeared in his imagination.
At 4:00, he heard the steps down the hallway and looked out the door.
This was coming back from a meatball player he knew from the club.
He walked darkly, drowned and coughed up.
"Poor, miserable!" 'I thought, Levin, and tears came to his eyes out of love and pity for this man.'
He wanted to talk to him, to comfort him; but when he remembered that he was wearing the same shirt, he thought and sat down again at the fork to bathe in the cold air and to look at this strange shape, a silent but full cross, and a yellow-lit star.
At 7:00 a.m., the towels came in, called some service, and Levin felt that he was starting to freak out.
He closed the fort, washed himself, dressed himself, and went outside.
The streets were still empty.
Levin went to the house of the Shcherbatskys.
The front doors were locked and everything was asleep.
He went back, went back into the room and demanded coffee.
The day foot, not Egor, has brought him.
Levin wanted to talk to him, but the footman got a call and he left.
Levin tried to drink coffee and put a punter in his mouth, but his mouth was determined not to know what to do with a punk.
Levin spit out his punk, put on his coat, and went to walk again.
It was the tenth hour when he came to Scherbatsky's porch for the second time.
They just got up in the house, and the chef was getting food.
You should have lived for at least two hours.
All night and morning Levin lived completely unconscious and felt completely excluded from material living conditions.
He didn't eat all day, he didn't sleep for two nights, he spent a few hours undressed on the cold, and he felt not only fresh and healthy as ever, but he felt completely independent of the body: he moved without muscle effort and felt that everything could be done.
He was sure he'd fly up or move the corner of the house if he needed it.
He spent the rest of his time on the streets, staring at his watches and looking around.
And what he saw then, he never saw after that.
In particular, the children who went to school, the pigeons, the doves, who flew from the roof to the sidewalk, and the saikis, who were filled with flour, who put out an invisible hand, touched him.
These saikis, pigeons, and two boys were non-earth creatures.
All of this happened at the same time: the boy ran up to the pigeon and smiled and looked at Levin; the pigeon cracked his wings and ploughed off, shiny in the sun between the shivering dust of snow in the air, and from the window smelled the spirit of the baked bread and the haze stood out.
All of this together was so extraordinaryly good that Levin laughed and cried out of joy.
After making a large circle on the newspaper alley and Kislovka, he returned to the hotel and sat down waiting for 12 hours.
The next room said something about cars and deception and coughed up morning cough.
They didn't realize the shooter was approaching 12.
The shooter came up.
Levin went out on the porch.
The drivers obviously knew.
They surrounded Levin with happy faces, arguing among themselves and offering their services.
In an effort not to offend the other drivers, and promised to travel with them, Levin took one and told him to go to Shcherbatsky.
The horseman was adorable in a white, shoved out of the caftan and pulled on a red, hard neck of a shirt.
The horse was good and tried to run, but did not move.
The driver knew the house of the Shcherbatskys and, especially with respect to the se--the doc round his hands and say "pra," he planted it at the entrance.
Scherbatsky's doorman probably knew everything.
You could see it by the smile of his eye and the way he said,
'Well, it hasn't been a long time, Constantin Dmitrich!
Not only did he know all about it, but he was obviously rejoicing and making efforts to hide his joy.
By looking into his old, sweet eyes, Levin realized even something else in his happiness.
'Are you up?'
'Please!
'Cause leave it here,' he said, smiling when Levin wanted to come back to take the hat.
It meant something.
'Whom do you want me to report?' 'I asked the footman.'
The footman was young and new, but he was a very kind and good man, and he also understood...
'The Princess...'
Prince...
Princess...' said Levin.
The first person he saw was Mademoiselle Linon.
She walked through the hall, and the bouquets and her face glowed.
He had just spoken to her when the sound of the dress was heard outside the door, and Mademoiselle Linon disappeared from Levin's eyes, and the joyous horror of the proximity of his happiness came to him.
Mademoiselle Linon rushed and left him and went to the other door.
She just got out, quick-speed light steps sounded on the park, and his happiness, his life, he himself -- the best of himself, what he's been looking for and wanting for for so long, quickly and quickly approaching him.
She didn't go, but some invisible force came to him.
He saw only her clear, true eyes, frightened of the same joy of love that filled his heart.
These eyes glowed closer and closer, blinding him with their love light.
She stopped near him, touching him.
Her hands went up and fell on his shoulders.
She did the best she could -- she ran up to him and gave up all of her robe and joyous.
He hugged her and put his lips on her mouth, looking for his kiss.
She's been up all night, and she's been waiting for him all morning.
Mother and father were indisputably agreeable and happy with her happiness.
She was waiting for him.
She wanted to announce her happiness to him first.
She prepared to meet him alone, and rejoiced in that thought, and she crumbled, and was ashamed, and did not know what she would do.
She heard his footsteps and voice and waited outside the door until Mademoiselle Linon left.
Mademoiselle Linon left.
She didn't think she was asking herself how or what, she came up to him and did what she did.
'Let's go to Mom! 'She said, by holding his hand.'
He hadn't been able to say anything for a long time, not so much because he was afraid of the word to ruin his senses, but because every time he wanted to say something, instead of saying, he felt that he would tear his tears out of happiness.
He took her hand and kissed her.
'Is it true? 'He said, at last, with a deaf voice.' 'I can't believe you love me!
She smiled at that "you" and the shyness with which he looked at her. 'Yes!'--a lot, she spoke slowly. 'I am so happy!
She walked into the living room without letting out his hands. When the Princess saw them, she breathed often and immediately wept, and immediately laughed at the same energy move as Levin did not expect, ran up to them and hugged Levin's head, kissed him, and soaked his cheeks with tears.
'So it's over!
I'm glad.
Love her.
I'm glad...
Kitty!
'We shall soon be settled! 'The old prince said, trying to be indifferent; but Levin noticed that his eyes were damp when he turned to him.' 'I've always wanted this for a long time! 'He said, taking Levin's hand, and drawing him to himself. 'I was there when the windshield thought...'
'Dad! 'Screamed Kitty and covered her mouth with her hands.'
'Well, I won't!' he said. 'I am very, very...
Ahh! I don't know how stupid I am.
He hugged Kitty, kissed her face, arm, face again, and crossed her face.
And Levin's new feeling of love for this previously foreign man, an old prince, began as he watched Kitty kiss his meaty hand for a long time and tenderly.
The Princess sat in the chair silently, and smiled: the prince sat beside her.
Kitty stood by her father's chair without letting out his hand.
Everyone kept quiet.
The Princess first called it all words and translated all thoughts and feelings into matters of life. And everyone's just as weird and hurting as it was in the first minute.
'When?
We have to bless and announce.
When's the wedding?
What do you think, Alexander?
'Here he is,' said the old prince, pointing to Levin, 'he is the chief man here.
'When? 'Said Levin, blushing.' 'Tomorrow.
If you're asking me, I think it's time to bless the wedding tomorrow.
'Well, that's a lot, mon cher, nonsense!
'Well, in a week.
'He's definitely crazy.
'No, why not?
'Oh, have mercy!' said the mother, smiling with joy at that haste. 'And the dowry?
"Will there be a dowry and all this? 'I thought Levin with horror.' 'And yet, can a dowry and a blessing, and all this -- can it ruin my happiness?'
Nothing can ruin it!"
He looked at Kitty and noticed that she had no, no insult to the idea of dowry.
"It's worth it," he thought.
'I know nothing, I only said my wish,' he said, apologizing.
'That's how we're gonna figure it out.
Now you can bless and announce.
That's right.
The Princess went up to her husband, kissed him, and wanted to go: but he held her, hugged her, and gently, as a young man in love, smiled several times, and kissed her.
The old men obviously got confused for a minute and didn't know if they were in love again or just their daughter.
When the prince came out with the princess, Levin approached his bride and took her hand.
He now had control of himself and could speak, and he had a lot to say to her. But he didn't say what he needed to say.
'How I knew it would be like this!
I never hoped; but in my heart I was always sure,' he said. 'I believe it was meant to be.'
'And me? 'She said.' 'Even then...' she stopped and continued to look at him with her true eyes, with determination, 'even when I pushed my happiness away. I've always loved you alone, but I was attracted to you.
I have to say... can you forget that?
'Maybe it's for the best.
You have a lot to forgive.
I have to tell you...
That was one of the things he decided to tell her.
He decided to tell her two things from the first days -- that he wasn't as clean as she was, and the other -- that he wasn't. It was painful, but he thought he had to say both.
'No, not now, after!' he said.
'All right, after, but surely tell me.'
I'm not afraid of anything.
I need to know everything.
It's over now.
He said, "Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
'It is over that you will take me, no matter what I may be, you won't give up on me?
Yeah?
'Yes, yes.
Their conversation was interrupted by a mademoiselle Linon, who, while pretending to be a smile, came to congratulate her beloved child.
She hasn't come out yet, as the servants came in with their congratulations.
Then came the family, and that blissful humour from which Levin had not left until the other day of his wedding.
Levin was constantly embarrassed, bored, but the stress of happiness was rising.
He always felt that he needed a lot of things that he didn't know, and he did everything he was told, all of which made him happy.
He thought that his matrimony would have nothing like the others, that the usual terms of matrimony would ruin his special happiness; but he ended up doing the same thing as others, and his happiness was only increased and made more and more special, without having and without anything like it.
'Now we will eat candy,' said M-lle Linon, 'and Levin was going to buy candy....
Well, I'm very glad -- said Sviyazhsky. 'I advise you to take the bouquets from Tomin.
'Do I have to?' 'And he was on his way to Fomin.
My brother told him he needed to borrow money, because there's gonna be a lot of expenses, presents...
'Do you want presents?' 'And he leapt toward Fulda.
Both the pastry man and Foomin and Fuld saw that they were waiting for him, that he was happy and happy, just like everyone he was dealing with these days.
It was extraordinary that not only were he loved, but all previously unattractive, cold, indifferent people admired him, obeyed him in all things, tenderly and sensitively treated his feelings and shared his belief that he was the happiest man in the world because his bride was superior to perfection.
That's what Kitty felt.
When Countess Nordston allowed herself to hint that she wanted something better, Kitty was so excited and so convincingly proved that Levin couldn't be better than anything in the world, that Countess Nordston had to admit it, and in the presence of Kitty without a smile of admiration she no longer met Levin.
The explanation he promised was one difficult event at the time.
He consulted with the old prince and, after obtaining his permission, handed over to Kitty his diary, which had written what had tormented him.
He wrote this diary in the future of the bride. He was tormented by two things: his innocence and his disbelief.
Confessed in unbelief, it went undetected.
She was religious, never doubted about the truth of religion, but his external disbelief did not even affect her at all.
She knew the love of his soul, and in his soul she saw what she wanted, and what was called a state of soul to be infidel, she didn't care.
Another confession made her cry bitterly.
Levin gave her his diary, not without an internal struggle.
He knew that there could and should not be a secret between him and her, so he decided that he should; but he did not realize how it could work, and he did not pass into it.
It was only on that evening that he came to them in front of the theater, entered her room, and saw crying, unrequited from the unrequited, sorrowed, pathetic and cute face, that he understood the twilight that separated his shame from her pigeon's purity, and was apprehensive of what he had done.
'Take, take these terrible books!' she said, pushing away the notebooks lying in front of her. 'Why did you give them to me?'
No, it's better, after all,' she added, feeling sorry for his desperate face. 'But it is awful, awful!
He dropped his head and kept quiet. He couldn't say anything.
'You will not forgive me,' he whispered.
'No, I forgave you, but it's awful!
However, his happiness was so great that the confession did not violate him, but only gave him a new shade.
She forgave him; but since then he has felt even more unworthy of her, bowed down to her morally, and valued his undeserved happiness even more.
Involuntarily recapturing in his memory the impression of conversations that took place during and after lunch, he returned to his lonely number.
Daria Alexandrovna's words about forgiveness were only annoying.
The application or not of the Christian rule to his case was too difficult a question that could not be said a little, and it was long ago settled by Alexey Alexandrovich in the negative.
Of all the things that have been said, the words of the foolish, kind Tourovtsin are in his imagination. They have done well; they have called to the duel, and they have killed.
Everyone obviously felt sorry for it, even though they didn't say it out of courtesy.
"Otherwise, this case is over, there's nothing to think about it," he said to himself. And when he thought only of the coming departure and the audit work, he entered his number, and asked the escort doorman where his footman was; the doorman said that the footman had just come out.
Aleksey Alexandrovich ordered himself to serve tea, sat down at the table, and, after taking Frum, began to understand the journey.
'Two telegrams,' said the returned footman. I'm gonna go into the room. 'Excuse me, Your Excellency, I just got out.
Alexei Alexandrovich took the telegrams and printed them out.
The first telegram was news of Stramov's appointment to the very place Karenin wanted.
Alexei Alexandrovich left the decopes and, red, stood up and bawled around the room.
"Quos volt perdere dementat," he said, understanding under quos those who had facilitated the appointment.
He wasn't sad that he didn't get this place, that he was obviously overstepped, but he wasn't clear, wondering how they didn't see a chatter, a Frasier Stromov less capable of it than anyone else.
How they did not see that they were ruining themselves, their prestige with this appointment!
"Something else of that kind," he said to himself gallows, opening up a second draft.
The telegram was from my wife. Her signature with a blue pencil, "Anna," first threw itself into his eyes.
"I'm dying, please, please come.
"I will die with more forgiveness," he read.
He smiled in contempt and threw a telegram.
That it was a trick and a trick, that, as he thought at first minute, there could be no doubt.
"There's no trick she'd stop at.
She has to give birth. Could be a birth disease.
But what is their purpose?
To legitimize the child, to compromise me, and to prevent the divorce, he thought. 'But something says, "I'm dying..."
He translated the telegram; and suddenly the exact meaning of what was said in it struck him.
"What if it's true? 'He said to himself. 'If it is true that in a time of suffering and near death she sincerely repents-- and I take it for a lie, will I refuse to come?'
It's not only gonna be cruel, and everyone's gonna judge me, but it's gonna be stupid of me."
'Peter, stop the carriage.
I am going to Petersburg,' he said to the footman.
Alexei Alexandrovich decided that he would go to Petersburg and see his wife.
If her illness is a lie, he'll keep quiet and leave. If she really is sick at death and wants to see him before death, then he will forgive her if he is alive and pay the last debt if he comes too late.
All the way, he didn't think about what he was gonna do anymore.
With the sense of fatigue and uncleanness produced at night in a wagon, in the early fog of Petersburg, Alexis Alexandrovich traveled through the wilderness of Neves and looked ahead to himself without thinking of what was to be expected of him.
He could not think about it because, while he imagined what would happen, he could not repel the assumption that her death would unveil at once the difficulty of his situation.
Breadhouses, shops locked up, night drivers, wipers, swinging pavements in his eyes, and he watched it all, trying to muffle the idea of what was waiting for him and what he dared not and did not want. He drove up to the porch.
A driver and a carriage with a sleeper was standing at the door.
As he entered the hay, he sort of took out a solution from the long corner of his brain and dealt with it.
And it was said, "If it is a lie, then it is contempt, and it is to leave. "If the truth is true, then observe decency."
The door was opened by the doorman before Alexei Alexandrovich called.
Peter's doorman, otherwise Capitonich, had a strange appearance in his old suit, without a tie, and in his shoes.
'What is the lady?
'Yesterday it was resolved safely.'
Alexei Alexandrovich stopped and turned pale.
He now understood the strength with which he wanted her dead.
'And health?
The roots in the morning apron escaped from the stairs.
'Very bad,' he replied. 'There was a doctor's convention yesterday, and now the doctor is here.
'Take your things,' said Alexis Alexandrovich, and with some relief from the news that there is a hope of death, he entered the front.
There was a military coat on the rack. Alexei Alexandrovich noticed this and asked:
'Who is there?
'Doctor, midwife and Count Wronsky.
Alexei Alexandrovich went into the inner rooms.
There was no one in the living room; a midwife in a purple ribbon cap came out of her office at the sound of his steps.
She approached Alexei Alexandrovich and took him by the hand and led him to the bedroom with the family of the nearness of death.
'Thank God you're here!
Only about you and about you,' she said.
'Give me the ice quickly!' said the doctor's noble voice from the bedroom.
Alexei Alexandrovich went to her office.
At her desk, she sat side by side on a low chair, and, with her hands covered her face, cried.
He jumped into the doctor's voice, took his hands off his face, and saw Alexei Alexandrovich.
When he saw his husband, he was so embarrassed that he sat down again, pulling his head into his shoulders, as if he wanted to disappear somewhere; but he made an effort upon himself, and rose up, and said,
'She is dying.
The doctors said there was no hope.
I'm all yours, but let me be here... even though I'm yours, I'm...
When he saw his tears, he felt the tide of the mental disorder that caused other people to suffer in him, and, turning his face away, he rushed to the door without listening to his words.
The bedroom heard Anna's voice saying something.
Her voice was hilarious, lively, with extremely specific tone.
Alexey Alexandrovich entered the bedroom and went to the bed.
She lay face-to-face.
The cheeks groaned, the eyes glittered, the little white hands leaning out of the sweater cuffs, playing, twisting it, the corner of the blanket.
She seemed not only healthy and fresh, but in the best position of spirit.
She spoke soon, loudly, and with an extraordinaryly correct and sensitive tone.
'Cause Alexei, I'm talking about Alexei Alexandrovich.), Alexei wouldn't refuse me.
I'd forget, he'd forgive...
Why isn't he coming?
He's kind, he doesn't know how good he is.
Oh, my God, it's so sad!
Give me some water!
Oh, that's gonna hurt my girl!
All right, well, give her a nurse.
Well, I agree, it's even better.
He'll come, he'll be hurt to see her.
Give her back.
'Anna Arkadievna, he has come.
There he is!-- said the midwife, trying to draw her attention to Alexei Alexandrovich.
'Oh, this is nonsense!' Anna continued without seeing her husband. 'Give it to me, girl, give it to me!
He's not here yet.
You're saying you won't forgive me if you don't know him. No one knew.
I'm the only one who's been hard on me.
His eyes, you should know, Serezha has exactly the same, and I can't see them from that.
Did Serezha get lunch?
'Cause I know everyone's gonna forget.
He wouldn't forget.
Serezha needs to be transferred to coal and Mariette to lie down with him.
Suddenly, she squeezed, quieted, and scared, as if waiting to be struck, as if defending herself, raised her hands to her face. She saw her husband.
'No, no,' she said, 'I am not afraid of him, I am afraid of death.
Alexei, come here.
I'm in a hurry because I don't have time, I have a little time to live, and it's gonna get hot, and I don't get it.
Now I understand, and I understand, I see everything.
Alexey Alexandrovich's wrinkled face accepted a painful expression; he took her by the hand and wanted to say something, but he could not speak; his lower lip shivered, but he was still struggling with his excitement and only occasionally staring at her.
And every time he looked, he saw her eyes, who looked at him with the tenderness and delight he had never seen in them.
'Wait, you don't know...'
Wait, wait...' she stopped, sort of getting her thoughts together. 'Yes, she did. 'Yes, yes, yes, yes.
That's what I was gonna say.
Don't be surprised at me. I'm still the same...
But there's another one in me, I'm afraid -- she fell in love, and I wanted to hate you, and I couldn't forget the one that was before. That's not me.
Now I'm real, I'm all.
I'm dying now, I know I'm gonna die, ask him.
I can feel it now, there they are, poodles on their hands, on their feet, on their fingers.
Fingers are huge!
But it'll all be over soon...
I need one thing: I'm sorry, I'm sorry at all!
I'm terrible, but the nanny said to me, "Sacred martyr." What was her name? 'She was worse.'
And I'm gonna go to Rome, there's a desert, and then I'm not gonna get in the way, only I'm gonna take Serezha and the girl... no, you can't forgive me!
I know this can't be forgiven!
No, no, go away, you're too good! 'She held his hand with one hot hand; she pushed him away with another.
Alexey Alexandrovich's mental disorder was increasing to the point where he had stopped fighting him; he suddenly felt that what he considered to be a mental disorder was, on the contrary, a blessed state of mind, which suddenly gave him a new, never-tested happiness.
He did not think that the Christian law that he wanted to follow all his life required him to forgive and love his enemies; but a joyful feeling of love and forgiveness for his enemies filled his soul.
He stood on his knees, and put his head on the bend of her hand, which burned him with fire through his shirt, and wept like a child.
She hugged his limping head, moved toward him, and raised her eyes to the top with pride.
'Here he is, I knew it!
Now, goodbye everyone, goodbye!
They come again, why don't they come out?
Get those coats off me!
The doctor took her hands, carefully put her on the pillow and covered her shoulders.
She lied down in submission and looked at herself with a shining glance.
'Remember one thing, that I needed one forgiveness, and that's all I want...'
Why isn't he coming? 'She spoke, turning to the door of Vronski.' 'Come, come!
Give him your hand.
He went up to the edge of the bed, and when he saw it, he covered his face again with his hands.
'Open your face, look at him.
He is a saint,' she said. 'Come on, open your face! 'She spoke angryly.' 'Alexei Alexandrovich, open his face!
I want to see him.
Aleksey Alexandrovich took the hands of Wronsky and took them off the face of the terrible suffering and shame that were upon him.
'Give him your hand.
Forgive him.
Alexei Alexandrovich gave him his hand without holding back the tears that had poured out of his eyes.
'Thank God, thank God,' she said, 'now everything is ready.
Just stretch your legs a little.
That's it, that's it.
How these flowers are made without taste, not like a violet at all,' she said, pointing to the wallpaper. 'Oh, my God, my God!
When's this gonna end?
Give me the morphine.
Doctor! Give me some morphine.
Oh, my God, my God!
And she was in bed.
'----the Doctor and the doctors said it was a birth fever with a hundred and 99, which would end in death.'
The whole day was hot, delusional and unconscious.
By midnight, the patient had no feelings and almost no pulse.
Waiting for the end every minute.
He went home, but in the morning he came to find out, and when he met him in the front, he said, 'Stay, perhaps she will ask you,' and he himself took him to his wife's office.
In the morning, the excitement, the life, the speed of thought, and the speech began again and ended in memorylessness.
The third day was the same, and the doctors said there was hope.
On that day, Alexi Alexandrovich went out to the office where he was sitting, and when he locked the door, he sat down against him.
'Alexei Alexandrovich,' he said, feeling that the explanation was coming, 'I can't speak, I can't understand.
Spare me!
As hard as it is for you, believe me, I'm even more awful.
He wanted to get up. But Alexei Alexandrovich took his hand and said,
'I ask you to listen to me, it is necessary.
I must explain to you my feelings, the ones who guided me and will guide you so that you will not be misled about me.
You know I've decided to divorce and I've even started this case.
I will not hide from you that I was indecisive at the beginning of the matter; I have been tormented; I confess to you that the desire to avenge you and her persecuted me.
When I received the telegram, I came here with the same feelings, I said more, I wanted her dead.
But...'he wasn't thinking, whether to open up or not to open up his feelings to him. 'But I saw her and forgave her.
And the happiness of forgiveness revealed my responsibility.
I completely forgave.
I want to set the other cheek, I want to give the shirt back when they take my kaftan, and I pray to God that he doesn't take away my happiness of forgiveness! 'Tears stood in his eyes, and they were struck by a bright, calm look. 'This is my position.
You can trample me into the mud, make me laugh at the light, I will not leave it, and I will never say a word of reproach to you,' he continued. 'My duty is clear to me: I must be with her, and I will be with her.'
If she wants to see you, I'll let you know, but now I think you'd better leave.
He got up, and the crying interrupted his speech.
He also went up and looked at him in a bent, indistinguishable state.
He didn't understand Alexei Alexandrovich's feelings. But he felt that it was something higher and even inaccessible to him in his worldview.
After his conversation with Alexei Alexandrovich, Wronsky went out to the porch of the Karenni house and stopped, barely remembering where he was and where he needed to go or go.
He felt ashamed, humiliated, guilty, and unable to wash away his humiliation.
He felt knocked out of the way he had walked so proudly and easily until now.
All those who seemed so firm, the habits and statutes of his life suddenly turned out to be false and unapplicable.
A cheated husband who was still a pitiful creature, an accidental and somewhat comemic obstacle to his happiness, suddenly she was summoned by herself, lifted up to a challenging height, and this husband appeared at this height not evil, not fake, not funny, but kind, simple, and grand.
I couldn't help but feel it.
The roles suddenly changed.
He felt his height and his humiliation, his rightness, and his untruth.
He felt that his husband was generous and in his grief, and he was low and petty in his deception.
But it was only a small part of his grief that he felt low in front of a man whom he had unjustly despised.
He felt unbelievably unhappy now because his passion for Anna, which had been cooled, seemed to him lately, now that he knew that he had lost her forever, had become stronger than ever.
He saw her all during her illness, recognized her soul, and he felt that he had never loved her until then.
And now that he knew her, loved her as he should have loved her, he was humiliated in front of her and lost her forever, leaving one shameful memory of himself in her.
What was most awful was that ridiculous, shameful position of his when he ripped his hands off his ashamed face.
He stood on the porch of Karen's house like he was lost and didn't know what to do.
'Will you order the driver?' 'The doorman asked.'
'Yes, the driver.
When he returned home after three sleepless nights, he lay down on the couch without stripping himself, folding his hands and putting his head on them.
His head was heavy.
The strangest impressions, memories, and thoughts, with extreme speed and clarity, changed one another: that was the drug he poured over the patient's spoon, then the white hands of the midwife, the strange position of Alexey Alexandrovich on the floor in front of the bed.
"Sleep! Forget it!" 'He said to himself, with the calm confidence of a healthy man, that if he was tired and sleepy, he would fall asleep now.
And indeed, at the same moment, he became confused in his head, and he began to fall into the abyss of oblivion.
The waves of unconscious life in the sea began to come together over his head, suddenly -- the exact strongest power supply was poured into him -- he shuddered so that he jumped on the springs of the couch and jumped into his knees with fear.
His eyes were wide open as if he had never slept.
The weight of his head and the wobbling of his dicks that he experienced in a minute suddenly disappeared.
"You may be trampled into the mud," he heard the words of Alexey Alexandrovich and saw him before him, and saw Anna's face with hot brown and shiny eyes, with tenderness and love, looking not at him, but at Alexei Alexandrovich; he saw his silly and funny figure, as he thought he had taken him away from his face.
He pulled his legs out again and threw himself on the couch in his old pose and closed his eyes.
"Sleep! "To fall asleep!" 'He repeated it to himself.
But with his eyes closed, he saw Anna's face even clearer than it was on his commemorative evening before the races.
'It is not, and it will not, and she wishes to erase it from her memory.
And I can't live without it.
How can we make peace, how can we make peace? 'He said out loud and unconsciously repeated those words.
This repetition of words held back the emergence of new images and memories that he felt were crowding in his head.
But the repetition of words held the imagination back for a little while.
Once again, one after the other began to appear with extraordinary speed of the best moments and, together with them, the recent humiliation.
"Take your hands off me," says Anna's voice.
He takes his hands and feels the shamed and silly expression of his face.
He lay still trying to sleep, even though he felt that there was no hope, and he kept whispering random words out of thought, wanting to hold on to the emergence of new images.
He listened and heard a strange, crazy whisper of repeated words: "He could not appreciate, he could not use, he could not appreciate, he could not use."
"What is it? Or am I going crazy? 'He said to himself. 'Maybe.
Why do they go mad, why do they shoot?" 'He answered himself, and when he opened his eyes, he was surprised to see Vary, his brother's wife, a sewn pillow of work, beside his head.
He touched his pillow and tried to remember Var, the last time he saw her.
But it was painful to think of something foreign.
"No, we have to go to sleep!"
He moved the pillow and pressed his head against it, but he had to make an effort to keep his eyes closed.
He jumped up and sat down.
"It's over for me," he said to himself. 'We have to think about what to do.'
What's left?" His thought quickly ran away from his love for Anna.
"Everity?
Serpukhovsky?
Light?
Court?" He couldn't stop at anything.
It all made sense before, but now it's gone. He got off the couch, took off his coat, released his belt, and, when he opened his furry chest to breathe more freely, he walked around the room.
'This is how they go mad,' he repeated, 'and so shoot... so as not to be ashamed,' he added slowly.
And he came up to the door, and closed it: then with his eyes stopped, and his teeth clenched firmly to the table, he took a revolver, looked at it, turned it over to a loaded barrel, and thought.
Two minutes later, when he dropped his head with the expression of intense thought, he stood still with the revolver in his hand and thought.
"It will," he said to himself, as if the logical, long and clear course of thought had led him to an unmistakable conclusion.
In fact, this convincing "understands" to him was only the consequence of repeating exactly the same circle of memories and visions that he has gone through dozens of times in this hour of time.
The same were memories of happiness, lost forever, the same perception of the pointlessness of all things to come in life, the same consciousness of humiliation.
The same was true of the sequence of these perceptions and feelings.
"It will," he repeated, when the third time his thought went back to the same enchanted circle of memories and thoughts, and by placing a revolver on the left side of his chest and pulling his whole hand hard, as if he had squeezed it into a fist, he pulled it by the gash.
He didn't hear the sound of the gunshot, but a strong blow to the chest knocked him down.
He wanted to hold on to the edge of the table, dropped the revolver, shivered and sat down on the ground, surprised to look around him.
He didn't recognize his room by looking down on the folded legs of the table, the paper basket, and the tiger skin.
The quick squeaking steps of a servant walking through the living room made him come to his senses.
He made an effort to think and realized that he was on the floor, and when he saw blood on his tiger skin and on his arm, he realized that he was shooting.
'Stupid!
He did not,' he said, with his hand behind the revolver.
The Revolver was near him,' he went on looking.
As he continued to search, he reached out to the other side and, unable to keep his balance, fell to death, bleeding to death.
An elegant servant with a buckenbard, who repeatedly complained to his acquaintance about the weakness of his nerve, was so afraid to see the master lying on the floor, that he left him to bleed out and fled for help.
An hour later, Varya, the brother's wife, arrived and with the help of three doctors she sent for, who arrived at the same time, put the victim to bed and stayed with him to follow him.
Alexey Alexandrovich &apos; s mistake in preparing for his wife &apos; s date did not reflect on the chance that her repentance would be sincere and he would forgive and she would not die -- that mistake two months after his return from Moscow had appeared to him in all its strength.
But the mistake he made wasn't just because he didn't think about it, but because he didn't know his heart until this day of dating his dying wife.
He at his wife's bed for the first time in his life gave himself to a feeling of mercy that caused other people's suffering and that he had previously been ashamed of as a harmful weakness; and pity for her, and regret that he wanted her dead, and, above all, the joy of forgiveness did that he suddenly felt not only a reduction in his suffering but also a peace of mind that he had never experienced before.
He suddenly felt that what was the source of his suffering was a source of his spiritual joy, something that seemed insoluble when he condemned, reproached, and hated, became simple and clear when he forgave and loved.
He forgave his wife and felt sorry for her suffering and remorse.
He forgave him and felt sorry for him, especially after he heard rumors of his desperate act.
He felt sorry for his son more than ever before, and now he reproached himself for having done too little of it.
But for a newborn little girl, he felt a special feeling not only of pity but also of tenderness.
At first, he had a feeling of compassion for that young newborn girl who was not his daughter and who was abandoned during his mother &apos; s illness and probably would have died if he hadn &apos; t taken care of her -- and he didn &apos; t see how much he loved her.
He went to the nursery a few times a day and sat there for a long time, so that the nurse and the nanny who first bred before him were used to him.
He sometimes stared silently for half an hour at the sleepy saffron-red, fluffy and shrivelled face of the child and watched the movements of the frowning forehead and the swollen hands of the fingers with their fingers wrapped around the back of their palms, rubbing their eyes and bearings.
At such moments, in particular, Aleksandrovich felt completely calm and agreeable and saw nothing unusual in his position, nothing that needed to be changed.
But the more time went by, the clearer he saw that, as natural as it is now for him, he would not be allowed to remain in it.
He felt that, apart from the good spiritual power that guided his soul, there was another, rude, just as or even more powerful force that guided his life, and that that power would not give him the humble calm he desired.
He felt that everyone was looking at him with a question-and-answer surprise that they didn't understand him and expected something from him. In particular, he felt the fragility and unnaturalness of his relationship with his wife.
When the tenderness of her near death passed, he began to notice that Anna was afraid of him, that she was burdened by him, and that she could not look him directly in the eyes.
It's like she wanted something and didn't decide to tell him and, like, feeling that their relationship couldn't go on, she expected something from him.
At the end of February, Anna's newborn daughter, also named Anna, became ill.
Alexey Alexandrovich was in the nursery this morning, and after ordering a doctor, he went to the Ministry.
After completing his business, he returned home at four o'clock.
When he entered the front, he saw a handsome footman in the galloons and a bear pelerinque holding a white rotunda from an American dog.
'Who is there? 'Alexei Alexandrovich asked.'
'The Princess Elizabeth Fedorovna of Tverska,' replied with a smile, as it seemed to Alexei Alexandrovich, to the footman.
During all this difficult time, Aleksandrovich observed that his secular acquaintances, especially women, had been particularly involved in him and his wife.
He noticed in all those acquaintances that the joy of something, the very joy that he saw in the eyes of a lawyer and now in the eyes of a footman, was difficult to hide.
It's like everyone was excited, like they were getting married.
When he was met, she was happy to be asked about her health.
The presence of Princess Tverska, and the memories associated with her, and because he did not love her at all, was unpleasant to Alexei Alexandrovich, and he went straight to the nursery.
In the first child's Serezha, lying on a table and putting his feet on a chair, drawing something, making fun of it.
The English woman, who had replaced Anna's French woman during her illness, knitting the miniyards sitting next to the boy, quickly stood up, sat down, and pulled Serezha.
Alexey Alexandrovich touched his son's hair with his hand, answered the governess' question about her wife's health, and asked what the doctor said about the baby.
'The doctor said that there was nothing dangerous, and he prescribed a bath, sir.
'But she is all suffering,' said Alexandrovich, listening to the cry of a child in the next room.
'I don't think the nurse is fit, sir,' said the English woman strongly.
'What do you think?' 'Stop, he asked.'
'That's what Countess Paul had, sir.
The child was treated, and it turned out that the child was simply hungry: the nurse was without milk, sir.
Alexei Alexandrovich thought about it and walked into the other door for a few seconds.
The girl lay in the back of her head, curled up on the hands of the feeder, and did not want to take the fat breast she offered, nor to shut up, despite the double cocking of the nurse and the nanny who had leaned over her.
'Isn't everything better? 'Alexei Alexandrovich said.'
'Very restless,' answered the nanny whispered.
'Miss Edward says that maybe the nurse doesn't have milk,' he said.
'I think so, Alexis Alexandrovich.
'So what aren't you going to say?'
'Who can I tell?'
Anna Arkadievna is not well all,' said the nanny displeased.
The nanny was an old servant at home. And in these simple words, her Alexei Alexandrovich had a hint of his position.
The baby was screaming even louder, rolling and snoring.
The nanny, waving her hand, came up to him, took him from the hand of the nurse, and began to drive.
'Doctor needs to be asked to examine the nurse,' said Alexis Alexandrovich.
A healthy-looking, well-dressed nurse, afraid that she would be refused, said something under her nose, and hid her large breasts, repulsively smiled at her doubts about her milk.
In that smile, Alexi Alexandrovich also found a mockery of his situation.
'Unfortunate child!' said the nanny, pissed at the child, and kept walking.
Alexei Alexandrovich sat down on a chair and with a sufferer, with a sad face looking at a nanny walking back and forth.
When the quiet child was finally put into a deep bed and a nanny, after fixing the pillow, she walked away from him, and he stood up and, having difficulty reaching out to the chicks, approached the child.
From a moment of silence, and with the same sad face, he looked at the child; but suddenly a smile moved his hair and skin on his forehead, looked at his face, and he also left the room quietly.
In the dining room, he called and told the incoming servant to send for the doctor again.
He was displeased with his wife for not caring for this pre-level child, and in this position he did not want to go to her, nor did he want to see Princess Betsy; but the wife might have wondered why, as usual, he did not go to her, so he made an effort to go to the bedroom.
As he approached the soft carpet to the doors, he was reluctant to hear a conversation he did not want to hear.
'If he hadn't left, I would have understood your refusal and his too.
But your husband must be above that,' said Betsy.
'I'm not for my husband, I don't want for myself.
Don't say that!-- answered Anna's agitated voice.
'Yes, but you cannot but wish to say goodbye to the man who shot because of you...
'That's why I don't want to.
Alexei Alexandrovich, with a frightened and guilty expression, stopped and wanted to leave without being seen. But when he thought it would be unworthy, he turned around again and coughed and went to the bedroom.
The voices were quiet, and he came in.
Anna, wearing a gray robe, with a short cut, thick brushing black hair on her round head, sat on the couch.
As she always did when she saw her husband, the rebirth of her face suddenly disappeared; she lowered her head and looked down on Betsy.
Betsy, dressed in the most recent fashion, in a hat somewhere above her head, like a cap above the lamp, and in a dress with sharp stripes on one side and on a skirt on the other, sat next to Anna, directly holding her flat tall camp, and, with a smile on her head, met Alexey Alexandrovich with a laughing smile.
'Ah!' she said, as if surprised. 'I'm very glad you're home.
You're not showing up, and I haven't seen you since Anna's illness.
I've heard everything -- your concerns.
Yes, you are an amazing husband!' she said with a large and gentle appearance, as if to pity his order of generosity for what he did to his wife.
Alexey Alexandrovich bowed coldly and, kissing his wife's hand, asked about her health.
'I think it's better,' she said, avoiding his look.
'But you look like you have a feverish face,' he said, lying down on the word 'irritating'.
'We talked too much to her,' said Betsy, 'I feel that it is selfish of me, and I am leaving.
She got up, but Anna, suddenly red, quickly grabbed her hand.
'No, please stay.
I need to tell you... no, you,' she turned to Alexei Alexandrovich, and the blush covered her neck and forehead. 'I don't want and can't have anything hidden from you,' she said.
Alexei Alexandrovich cracked his fingers and put his head down.
'Betsy said that Count Wronsky wanted to be with us to say goodbye before she left for Tashkent. 'She didn't look at her husband, and apparently she was in a hurry to say everything, as difficult as it was for her. 'I said I couldn't accept it.
'You said, my friend, that it would depend on Alexey Alexandrovich,' corrected her Betsy.
'No, I can't accept it, and it has nothing to do with...' she suddenly stopped and looked at her husband in question (he didn't look at her). 'In short, I don't want...'
Alexei Alexandrovich moved over and wanted to take her hand.
With the first move, she drew her hand away from his moist, large, bloated hand that was looking for it: but apparently by making an effort, she shook his hand.
'I thank you very much for your trust, but...' he said, with embarrassment and displeasure, feeling that what he could easily and clearly decide with himself could not be discussed under Princess Tverska, who represented to him the gross force that should have guided his life in the eyes of the world and prevented him from giving up his love and forgiveness.
He stopped looking at Princess Tversky.
'Well, goodbye, my lovely one,' said Betsy, getting up.
She kissed Anna and came out.
Alexei Alexandrovich walked her out.
I know you for a truly generous man,' said Betsy, staying in a small living room, particularly shaking his hand once more. 'I am an outsider, but I love her so much and respect you that I offer my advice.
Take it.
Alexei is a personified honor, and he's going to Tashkent.
'Thank you, Princess, for your participation and advice.
But it's up to her to decide whether or not a wife can accept someone.
He said it with dignity, raised his eyebrows, and immediately thought that no matter what the words were, dignity could not be in his position. And he saw it in a discreet, angry and funny smile Betsy looked at him with after he said it.
Alexey Alexandrovich bowed to Betsy in the hall and went to his wife.
She lay there, but when she heard his footsteps, she quickly sat down and stared at him.
He saw her crying.
'I am very grateful for your trust in me,' he quietly repeated in Russian what was said in Betsy's French phrase and sat beside her.
When he spoke Russian and said "you", that "you" was annoyingly annoying to Anna. 'And very grateful for your decision.
I believe, too, that since he's on his way, there's no need for Count Wronski to come here.
Anyway...
'Yes, I said, so what shall I say again?' 'Suddenly, Anna interrupted him with an irritation that she had not been able to contain.'
'No need,' she thought, 'to come to the man to say goodbye to the woman he loved, for whom he wanted to die and destroy himself, and who could not live without him.
There's no need!"
She squeezed her lips and put her shiny eyes on his hands with swollen veins that were slowly rubbing one another.
'Let us never talk about it,' she added more calmly.
'I have given you a solution to this matter, and I am very pleased to see...' was the beginning of Alexis Alexandrovich.
'That my desire is with yours,' she quickly finished, pissed off by what he says so slowly, while she knows what he will say.
'Yes,' he confirmed, 'and Princess Tverska interferes in the most difficult family matters completely inappropriately.
In particular, she...
'I don't believe anything they say about her,' said Anna quickly, 'I know that she truly loves me.
Alexei Alexandrovich sighed and silenced himself.
She played with her wrists, staring at him with a painful sense of physical revulsion, for which she blamed herself but could not overcome.
She now wanted only one thing: to be rid of his shameful presence.
'I have now sent for a doctor,' said Alexis Alexandrovich.
'I am healthy; why do I need a doctor?
'No, the little one is screaming, and it is said that the nurse has little milk.
'Why didn't you let me feed when I begged for it?
Anyway, she's a kid, and he's gonna die. 'She called and told me to bring the child. 'I told you to feed, I wasn't allowed, and now I'm being blamed.
'I don't blame...'
'No, you're blaming me! Oh, my God! I don't know why I didn't die! 'And she cried. 'Forgive me, I am annoyed, I am unjust,' she said, remembering. 'But go away...
"No, it can't stay that way," he strongly said to himself, when he left his wife.
Never before, in the eyes of the light of his position and his wife &apos; s hatred for him, and in general, the power of the gross mysterious power that, contrary to his spirit, guided his life and demanded the doing of his will and the change of his relationship with his wife, were as obvious to him as it is today.
He clearly saw that the whole world and his wife were demanding something from him, but what exactly he couldn't understand.
He felt a sense of anger in his heart, ruining his calm and all the credit he deserved.
He felt that it would be better for Anna to stop having intercourse with him, but if they all found that it was impossible, he was willing even to allow that communication again, so as not to embarrass the children, deprive them of them, or change his situation.
As bad as it was, it was better than the breakup in which she was in an inexorable, disgraceful situation, and he himself was deprived of everything he loved.
But he felt powerless; he knew ahead that everything was against him and that he would not be allowed to do what seemed so natural and good to him now, but would be forced to do what was wrong, but they felt right.
Betsy hadn't yet left the hall like Stepan Arkadić, who had just arrived from Elisha, where fresh oysters had been obtained, met her at the door.
'Ah! Princess! Here's a nice meeting!-- he's talking. 'And I was with you.
'The meeting is for a minute because I am leaving,' said Betsy, smiling and wearing a glove.
'Wait, Princess, put on your glove, let me kiss your pen.'
There's no way I'm more grateful for the old fashions coming back than for kissing my hands. 'He kissed Betsy's hand. 'When will I see you?'
'You do not stand,' replied Betsy smiling.
'No, I am very worth it because I have become the most serious person.'
Not only am I setting up my own business, but I am also doing other people's family business,' he said with a significant face.
'Ah, I am very glad!' replied Betsy, immediately realizing that he was talking about Anna.
And when they got back to the gym, they were in the corner. 'He will kill her,' said Betsy with a great whisper. 'It is impossible, it is impossible...'
'I am very glad that you think so,' said Stepan Arkadić, shaking his head with a serious and painfully sympathetic expression of his face, 'I came to Petersburg to do so.
'The whole city is talking about it,' she said. 'This is an impossible situation.
It melts and melts.
He doesn't understand that she's one of those women who can't make fun of her feelings.
One of two things: either take her away, do her energy, or divorce her.
And this is suffocating her.
'Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 'That's why I came. I mean, it's not exactly that...
They made me a valet, well, I should have thanked you.
But the most important thing is to arrange it.
'Well, God help you!' said Betsy.
By taking Princess Betsy to the hay, kissing her hand above the glove where the pulse is beating, and giving her such a nasty groan that she no longer knew whether to be angry with her or to laugh, Stepan Arkadych went to his sister.
He found her crying.
Despite the funny spirit he was in, Stepan Arkadić immediately naturally moved into that sympathetic, poetic-involved tone that suited to her mood. He asked her about her health and how she spent the morning.
'Very, very bad.
And a day. And morning, and all the past and future days,' she said.
'I think you're drowning.
We have to shake it up, we have to take a straight look at life.
I know it's hard, but...
'I have heard that women love people even for their vices,' Anna suddenly began, 'but I hate him for his virtue.
I can't live with him.
You see, his kind has a physical effect on me, I'm freaking out.
I can't, I can't live with him.
What am I supposed to do?
I was unhappy and I thought I couldn't be happier, but the terrible state I'm experiencing now, I couldn't imagine.
You're gonna believe that, knowing that he's a kind, excellent man, that I'm not worth his fingernail, I still hate him.
I hate him for his generosity.
And there's nothing left for me but...
She wanted to say death, but Stepan Arkadych wouldn't let her talk.
'You are sick and angry,' he said. 'Believe me, you're exaggerating awful.
It's not that bad.
And Stepan Arkadić smiled.
No one in Stepan Arkadyić's place, when dealing with such despair, would have allowed himself to smile (the smile would have seemed rude), but his smile had so much kindness and almost women's tenderness that the smile did not insult him, but softened him and calmed him.
His quiet sedatives and smiles were softening like almond oil. And Anna soon felt it.
'No, Steve,' she said. 'I'm dead, I'm dead!
Worse than dead.
I'm not dead yet. I can't say it's over. On the contrary, I feel like it's not over.
I'm like a tight string that needs to burst.
But it's not over... and it's gonna be scary.
'Nothing, we can slowly lower the string.'
There's no provision out of which there's no way out.
'I thought and thought.
Just one...
Again, he realized from her frightened view that this one way out was, in her view, death, and he wouldn't let her finish.
'Nothing,' he said, 'let me.
You can't see your position like me.
Let me be honest with you. 'He smiled with his almond smile again.' 'I'll start again: you married a man 20 years older than you.
You married without love or knowing love.
It was a mistake, let's put it down.
'A terrible mistake!' said Anna.
'But I repeat, this is a fact that has come to pass.'
Then you had, say, the misfortune of loving your husband.
It's a disaster; but it's a fact, too.
And your husband admitted it and forgave it. 'He stopped after every phrase, waiting for her objection, but she answered nothing. 'That's right.
Now the question is, can you keep living with your husband?
Is that what you want?
Is that what he wants?
'I know nothing, I know nothing.'
'But you yourself said you couldn't bear it.
'No, I didn't.
I deny it.
I don't know anything and I don't understand anything.
'Yes, but let me...
'You can't understand.
I feel like I'm flying my head down some cliff, but I don't have to save myself.
And I can't.
'Nothing, we're a scammer and we're gonna catch you.
I understand you, I know you can't take over to express your wish, your feelings.
'I don't want anything, I don't want anything... just to end it.'
'But he sees it and knows it.
Do you think he's just as hard on you as he is on you?
You're in pain, he's in pain, and what can come out of it?
While divorce unties everything, &quot; Stepan Arkadych made a strong point and looked at it considerably.
She answered nothing and shoved her sharp head negatively. But in the expression of a face that had suddenly shined before, he saw that she did not wish for it simply because it seemed impossible for her to be happy.
'I feel terrible for you!
And how happy I would have been if I had done it! I told Stepan Arkadych by smiling with more courage. 'Don't say, don't say anything!
If God had only let me say what I feel.
I'm gonna go see him.
Anna looked at him with thoughtful shiny eyes and said nothing.
Stepan Arkadić, with the somewhat solemn face with whom he sat in the Presidential chair in his presence, entered the office of Alexei Alexandrovich.
When he put his hands behind his back, he walked around the room and thought about what Stepan Arkadić had been talking about with his wife.
'I'm not interrupting you? 'Stepan Arkadić said, when he saw his son-in-law, he suddenly felt a sense of embarrassment that was unusual to him.'
In order to cover up this confusion, he pulled out just bought with a new way of opening up the papyroster and sniffed the skin and pulled out the papyrosk.
Do you need anything? 'Alexei Alexandrovich answered reluctantly.
'Yes, I wanted to... I need to go... yes, I need to talk,' said Stepan Arkadych, surprised to feel unorthodox shyness.
The feeling was so unexpected and strange that Stepan Arkadić did not believe that it was the voice of conscience that told him that it was bad what he intended to do.
Stepan Arkadič made an effort to overcome his ferocity.
'I hope you believe in my love for my sister and in sincere affection and respect for you,' he said, blushing.
Aleksey Alexandrovich stopped and answered nothing, but his face was struck by Stepan Arkadyić, the former expression of the obedient victim.
'I was determined, I wanted to talk about my sister and about your mutual position,' said Stepan Arkadych, still struggling with unusual shyness.
Alexey Alexandrovich laughed sadly, looked at the brother-in-law, and failed to answer, came to the table, took the letter from him, and delivered the brother-in-law.
'I keep thinking the same thing. And this is what I began to write, believing that I would better say in writing and that my presence was annoying to her,' he said, writing a letter.
Stepan Arkadič took the letter, surprisedly looked at the dull eyes, which were still standing on it, and began to read.
"I see that my presence weighs heavily on you.
As hard as it was for me to see it, I can see that it can never be different.
I don't blame you, and God knows that when I saw you during your illness, I decided to leave everything between us and start a new life.
I do not repent, nor will I ever repent of what I have done; but I have desired one thing, your good, the good of your soul, and now I see that I have not achieved it.
Tell me yourself what will bring you true happiness and peace of mind.
I submit to your will and your sense of justice."
Stepan Arkadić returned the letter and continued to look at his son-in-law with the same perplexity, not knowing what to say.
Silence was so embarrassing to both of them that there was a painful tremor in Stepan Arkadyić's lips while he kept quiet, keeping his eyes open on Karen's face.
'This is what I wanted to tell her,' said Alexis Alexandrovich, turning his back.
'Yes, yes...' said Stepan Arkadych, unable to answer, for tears came to his throat. 'Yes, yes.
I understand you,' he finally said.
'I want to know what she wants,' said Alexis Alexandrovich.
'I'm afraid she doesn't understand her own position.
She's not a judge,' said Stepan Arkadych when she was dressed. 'She's depressed, she's depressed by your generosity.
If she reads this letter, she won't be able to say anything, she'll only lower her head.
'Yes, but what then?
How do you explain... how do you know her wish?
'If you're letting me express my opinion, I think it's up to you to specify exactly what measures you find necessary to put an end to this situation.
'So you find that he needs to be stopped?' 'Alexei Alexandrovich interrupted him. 'But how? 'He added, by making an unusual gesture in front of his eyes,' I see no way out.
'There is a way out in every situation,' said Stepan Arkadić, rising and resurgent. 'There was a time when you wanted to break...
If you can make sure now that you can't make mutual happiness...
'Happiness can be understood in different ways.
But let's just say I agree, I don't want anything.
What is the solution to our situation?
'If you want to know my opinion,' said Stepan Arkadych with the same softening, soft and almond smile he was talking to Anna with. A good smile was so convincing that involuntarily he felt his weakness and subjected to it, he was ready to believe what Stepan Arkadić would say. 'She will never say it.
But one thing she may wish for, &quot; Stepan Arkadić continued &quot;, is the end of relations and all the memories associated with them.