There are two nice places, hardly anything.
Levin himself wanted to go to these places, but the places were close from home, he could always take them, and the places were small, three of them had nowhere to shoot.
And that's why he's twisting his soul, saying that there's hardly anything.
Like a small marsh, Levin wanted to pass by, but the experienced hunting eye of Stepan Arkadyić immediately looked at the urine visible from the road.
'Wouldn't you like to come in?' 'He said, pointing to the marsh.'
'O Levin, please! How great! 'I asked Vasenka Veslovsky, and Levin couldn't help but agree.
Before they could stop like dogs driving one to the other, they were on their way to the marsh.
'Crack!
Lasca!
The dogs are back.
'The three of us will be tight. 'I will stay here,' said Levin, hoping that they would find nothing but the Chibis, who came up from the dogs and were pumping on the fly, crying complainingly over the marsh.
'No, I'm not.
Come on, Levin, let's go together! 'Called Veslovsky.
'Right, tight.
Laska, get back!
Laska!
You don't need another dog, do you?
Levin stayed with the ruler and looked jealously at the hunters.
The hunters have passed through the marsh. Except for the chicken and the Chibis, one of which was killed by Vasenka, there was nothing in the swamp.
'Well, you see, I didn't feel sorry for the marsh,' said Levin, 'only time to lose.
'No, it's fun after all.
Did you see that? 'Told Vasenka Veslovsky, embarrassingly climbing the rinks with a gun and a Chibis in his hand. 'How nicely I killed this one!
Isn't that right?
Well, are we coming to the present soon?
Suddenly the horses broke, Levin hit his head against someone's gun, and a shot was fired.
The shot actually went out earlier, but it seemed to Levin.
The point was that Vasenka Veslovsky, by pulling the trigger, was pulling one ghashet and holding the other trigger.
The charge went into the ground without hurting anyone.
Stepan Arkadić shook his head and laughed down to Veslovsky.
But Levin had no spirit to speak to him. First, any recrimination would appear to be caused by the past danger and the prick that jumped on Levin's forehead; and secondly, Veslovsky was so naively upset at first, and then laughed so kindly and enthralled by their general indignance that one could not but laugh himself.
When they arrived at the second swamp, which was quite large and should have taken a long time, Levin urged them not to go out.
But Veslovsky begged him again. Again, since the swamp was narrow, Levin, as a welcoming master, remained with the crews.
Right from the parish, Krak pulled to the cats.
Vasenka Veslovsky was the first to go after the dog.
And I didn't have time for Stepan Arkadych to come over, so the duppet went out.
Veslovsky made a mistake, and the dupel moved into an unlicensed meadow.
Veslovsky was provided with this asshole.
Krak found him again, became, and Veslovsky killed him, and returned to the crew.
'Now go, and I will stay with the horses,' he said.
Levina began to deal with hunting envy.
He handed over the leaders of Veslovsky and went into the swamp.
Laska, who had long screamed and complained of injustice, went straight to a safe, familiar knight named Levin, which Krak had not entered.
'Why don't you stop her? 'Stepan Arkadić screamed.'
'She will not frighten,' answered Levin, rejoicing at the dog and rushing for it.
In the search for Laska, the closer and closer she came to the kittens she knew, she became more and more serious.
The little swamp bird only entertained her for a moment.
She made one lap in front of the bumps, started the other one, and suddenly she flipped and froze.
'Go, go, Steve! 'Screaming Levin, feeling his heart beating harder, and suddenly, as if some shutter had moved away in his intense hearing, all the sounds, having lost the measure of distance, were disheartened, but brightly struck him.'
He heard Stepan Arkadjić's steps, taking them as far as the horses are concerned, and he heard a fragile sound torn off from the roots of the corner of the bump, on which he stepped, taking that sound as a dupley's flight. I heard a slap in the water around the back, too, in which he couldn't figure it out.
When he chose a place for his leg, he moved in with the dog.
'Peel!
Not an asshole, but a bacas came out of a dog.
Levin led the gun, but as he was aiming, the sound of the slap on the water increased, drew near, and the voice of Veslovsky joined him, something strangely loudly screaming.
Levin saw him picking up a gun from behind the becca, but he did.
After seeing that a mistake had been made, Levin looked back and saw that horses with rollers were no longer on the road but in the marsh.
Veslovsky, wanting to see the shooting, came into the swamp and tied up the horses.
'And damn it! 'Speaks Levin of himself, returning to the tied crew.' 'Why did you go?' 'He said dryly to him, and when he clicked a pile-- rah, he began to stretch out the horses.'
Levin was also displeased that he was prevented from shooting, and that his horses were tied together, and most important, that neither Stepan Arkadić nor Veslovsky helped him or the coach, because they had neither the slightest idea of what the load was.
Without a word responding to Vasenka's assurance that it was completely dry, Levin was silently working with the coach to ask for horses.
But then, in the heat of his work and when he saw how hard Veslovsky dragged the rugs behind his wing, so he even broke it off, Levin reproached himself for being too cold for Veslovsky under the influence of yesterday's feeling, and tried to make up for his dryness with special courtesy.
When everything was cleaned up and the crews were taken to the road, Levin ordered us to get breakfast.
'Bonne appetit -- bonne consensus!
"Ce poulet va tomber jusqu'au fond de mes bottes," said the French bunny once again cheering Vasenka, eating the second chicken. 'Well, now our troubles are over; now everything will go well.'
I'm the only one who owes it to me to sit on the assholes.
Isn't that right?
Huh? No, no, I'm Automedon.
Look how I'm gonna drive you!-- he answered, not letting the lead go when Levin asked him to let him in. 'No, I have to atone for my guilt, and I'm fine with goats.' 'And he went.
Levin feared a little that he would torture horses, especially left-handed, redhead, whom he could not hold; but he willingly obeyed his fun, listened to novels that Veslovsky sat on goats, sung all the way, or tales and images in his faces how to rule English for in hand; and they all, after breakfast, in the most fun mood of spirit, drove to the Gzdev marsh.
X
Vasenka chased the horses so hard, they came to the marsh too early, so it was still hot.
On arriving at a serious swamp, the main purpose of the trip, Levin was reluctant to think about how he could get rid of Vasenka and walk without interference.
Stepan Arkadić apparently wanted the same thing, and Levin saw on his face the expression of concern that a real hunter always had before the start of the hunt, and some kind of good-willed trick he had.
'How shall we go?'
The swamp is excellent, I see, and the hawk's,' said Stepan Arkadych, pointing to two large birds hanging over the moustache. 'Where the hawk is,' there must be game.
'You see, gentlemen,' said Levin, with a somewhat dark expression, pulling up his boots and looking at the pistons on the gun. 'Do you see this jackass? 'He pointed to a dark black green island in a huge, right-hand side of the river, up to half a wet meadow. 'The swamp begins here, right in front of us, you see -- where greener.
From here it goes to the right, where the horses walk; there are puffs, and the squids; and there is a jackass round there, before that oxen, and all the way to the mill.
Over there, you see where the bay is.
This is the best place.
That's where I killed 17 beckas.
We're gonna split up with two dogs in different directions, and we're gonna get together at the mill.
'Well, who's right, who's left? 'Stepan Arkadić asked.' 'Right is wide, you two go, and I go left,' it was like he said, carelessly.
'Great! We're gonna shoot him!
Come on, let's go!-- got Vasenka.
Levin could not agree more, and they separated.
They just entered the swamp, and both dogs found it together and pulled it to the rust.
Levin knew this search for Lasky, careful and uncertain; he knew the place and waited for the beckas tablet.
'Veslovsky, next door, next door! 'He spoke with a calming voice to a water comrade who splintered in the back, whose direction of the gun, after an accidental shot at the Colpin marsh, was involuntarily interested in Levin.
'No, I won't embarrass you, you don't think of me.
But Levin thought involuntarily and remembered Kitty's words when she let him go, "Look, don't shoot each other."
The dogs came nearer and closer to each other, each carrying their own thread; the wait for the becca was so strong that the smoke of his heel, pulled out of the rust, appeared to Levin by the scream of the becca, and he grabbed and squeezed the rifle's butt.
Bam!
Bam! 'It has spread over his ear.'
Vasenka shot a herd of ducks that walked over the marshes and weren't exactly on the hunters at the time.
Before Levin looked back, one bacas, another three, and another eight went up one by one.
Stepan Arkadić cut one at the very moment he was going to start his zigzags, and the bacas fell into the quagmire with a lump.
The Oblonian slowly followed another one who was still flying down to the axis, and along with the sound of the shot, the bacas fell; and it was seen jumping out of the shiny donkey, beating with the surviving white wing from the bottom.
Levin was not so happy: he struck the first becca too close and missed; he followed him when he had already gone up, but there came another one under his feet and entertained him, and he made another mistake.
As soon as the guns were loaded, another bacas came up, and Veslovsky, who was able to charge another time, threw two more small shots into the water.
Stepan Arkadič picked up his beckas and looked at Levin with shiny eyes.
'Well, now let's go,' said Stepan Arkadych, and cladding on his left foot and holding the gun ready and whistled to the dog, went one way.
Levin and Veslovsky went to the other one.
Levin was always in such a position that when the first shots failed, he was hot, pissed off, and shot ill all day long.
That's what happened today.
There's been a lot of becas.
From under the dog, from under the feet of the hunters, the beckasers had always come out, and Levin could have recovered; but the more he shot, the more embarrassed he was before Veslovsky, the more fun he had fallen, and not according to measure, who had killed nothing and had not been embarrassed in any way.
Levin was in a hurry, he couldn't stand it, he was getting more and more hot, and he went to the point where, by shooting, he had almost no hope of killing him.
And Laska seemed to understand that.
She looked lazy, and she looked back at the hunters with perplexity or condescendingness.
The gunshots followed the shots.
Powder smoke was around hunters, and there were only three light, small becca in a large, spacious net. And one of them was killed by Veslovsky and one in common.
On the other side of the marsh, however, there were not frequent, but Levin seemed to hear significant shots from Stepan Arkadiyić, almost all of whom heard, "Crack, Crack, Airport!"
Levin was even more concerned about it.
The becas were still in the air over the moustache.
The smugness in the earth and the carcane in the heights were not silently heard from all sides. The men who had been raised up before, and the becassians who were in the air, sat in front of the hunters.
Instead of two hawks, dozens of them were now peeing over the marshes.
After passing more than half of the marsh, Levin and Veslovsky reached the point where the long stripes in the moustache were separated by a man's pivot, marked with propped-up stripes, where the line was punctured.
Half of these stripes have already been cut.
Although there was little hope of finding the same amount of hope for the unhappened one, Levin promised Stepan Arkadyich that he would join him and walk with his companion further along the shrivelled and unknuckled stripes.
'Hey, hunters! 'Screaming at them, one of the men sitting by a busy cart,' said one of the men, 'come with us for noon!'
Wine!
Levin looked back.
'Go, no-one! 'Screaming with a red face, a jolly bearded man, blazing white teeth and lifting up a green, shiny statue in the sun.'
--Qu'est ce que'ils disent? 'Ask Veslovsky.'
'They call vodka to drink.'
They shared the meadows.
I would have had a drink,' said Levin not without trickery, hoping that Veslovsky would be seduced by vodka and go to them.
'Why do they treat?'
'Okay, they're having fun.
Right, come to them.
You're interested.
--Allons, c'est curieux.
'Go, go, you will find your way to the mill! 'Called Levin, and looked back, and saw with pleasure that Veslovsky, leaning and stumbled with tired legs and holding a gun in an outstretched hand, climbed out of the marshes to the men.'
'Go and you!' screamed the man at Levin. 'I can't believe it!
You're gonna eat a cake!
W!
Levin was eager to drink vodka and eat a piece of bread.
He fainted and felt that the force was being ripped out of the shaking legs, and he was in doubt for a minute.
But the dog did.
And immediately, all the fatigue disappeared, and he easily went to the dog's trembling.
A bacas flew out of his feet; he struck and killed, &quot; the dog kept standing.
"Peel!"
There's another one coming up from under the dog.
Levin fired.
But the day was wretched, and he missed, and when he went to search for the slain, he found him not.
He climbed all over the sea, but Laska didn't believe he killed her, and when he sent her out to look for her, she pretended to look for her, but she didn't.
There were a lot of becas here, but Levin made a mistake. The rays of the sun were still hot; the dress, through the sweat soaked, licked to the body; the left boot, full of water, was heavy and smacked; the powder-sprayed face was filled with sweat; the mouth was bitter, the nose smell of gunpowder and rust, the scent of becass in the ears; the trunks could not be touched; the heart was knocked fast and short; the hands were shaking with excitement; and the tired legs stumbled and cluttered on the cats and tremblings; but he kept walking and shooting.
Finally, after making a shameful mistake, he threw a gun and a hat on the ground.
"No, I have to get back to you!" 'He said to himself. He picked up his gun and hat, called Lusk to his feet, and came out of the swamp.
When he came out to the dry land, he sat down on the ground, took off his shoes, poured water out of his boot, then came up to the marsh, drank with rusty taste of water, wet the hot trunks, and washed his face and hands.
When he freshened up, he moved again to the place where the bacas had moved, with the firm intention of not getting hot.
He wanted to be calm, but it was the same.
His finger pressed the gaffe before he took the bird to the target.
Things were getting worse and worse.
He only had five grand in a truncheon when he came out of the swamp to the olyshanic, where he was supposed to get in touch with Stepan Arkadych.
Before he saw Stepan Arkadyich, he saw his dog.
From under the embroidered root of the ulcer came Crac, all black from a stinking marshal's shadow, and with the view of the winner he sniffed with Laska.
After Krak showed up in the shadows of the Olks and the statue of Stepan Arkadyić.
He walked towards the red one, crucified, with the gate open, still cladding.
'Well, what?
You've been shooting a lot! 'He said, smiling fun.'
'And you? 'I asked Levin.'
But you didn't have to ask 'cause he'd already seen the whole thing.
'Nothing.'
He had 14 grand.
'Nice swamp.
That's right, Veslovsky was in your way.
Two with one dog is embarrassing,' said Stepan Arkadić, softening his celebration.
XI
When Levin and Stepan Arkadyić came to the house of a man who always had Levin, Veslovsky was already there.
He sat in the middle of the desert and, holding both hands behind the shop with which he had been dragged by soldiers, the brother of the hostess, who was covered with quiet boots, laughed at his contagiously merry laugh.
'I just came.
Ils ont et e charmants.
Imagine, drunk me, fed me.
What bread, it's a miracle!
Deliciux!
And vodka -- I've never tasted better!
And there's no way they wanted to take the money. And everyone said, "Don't talk," like that.
'Why take the money?'
They've raised you, then.
Do they have dirty vodka? 'Sold the soldier, finally stealing a wet boot with a black stocking.'
Despite the impure fragrance of the hunters' boots and the filthy, irritating dogs, the odor of the moist and powder that filled it, and the absence of knives and forks, the hunters drank tea and drank as much as they only ate in the hunt.
Washed and clean, they went to the squashing shed, where the coachmen prepared the gentlemen's beds.
Although it was dark, none of the hunters wanted to sleep.
Shake between the memories and the stories of shooting, the dogs, the old hunts, and talk about the subject of interest to everyone.
On the occasion of several repeated expressions of admiration for Vasenka about the beauty of the night and the smell of hay, about the beauty of a broken cart (it seemed to be broken because it was removed from the front), about the kindness of the men who drank it with vodka, about the dogs lying at the feet of their master, Oblonsky spoke of the beauty of the hunting of Maltus, which he had been on last summer.
Maltus was a well-known railway rich man.
Stepan Arkadych told us about how the marshes were bought out in the Tver Province and how they were saved, and what crews, dogcards, were carrying hunters, and what breakfast tent was spread by the marshes.
'I don't understand you,' said Levin, climbing up his hay, 'how you don't mind these people.
I know breakfast with a lafite is very nice, but don't you hate that luxury?
All these people, as our buyers have done before, make money in a way that, in profit, deserves the contempt of people, ignores this contempt, and then pays the dishonestly earned off from the previous contempt.
'Absolutely fair! 'Vasenka Veslovsky responded. 'Absolutely.
Of course, Oblonsky does it from the bonhomie, and others say, "Oblonian rides..."
'Nothing,' Levin heard that Oblonsky smiled, saying it, 'I simply do not consider him to be more dishonest than any of the rich merchants and nobles.
Both of them have gained the same amount of effort and intelligence.
'Yes, but what kind of work?'
Is it a job to get a concession and resell it?
'Of course, work.'
Work in the sense that if it hadn't been for him or others like him, it wouldn't have mattered.
'But work is not like that of a man or a scientist.
'Let's put it down, but work in the sense that it produces results -- the road.
But you find the roads to be useless.
'No, it is another question; I am prepared to admit that they are useful.
But any purchase that does not correspond to the work that has to be done is not fair.
'Who will determine the conformity?'
'The acquisition is dishonest, tricky,' said Levin, feeling that he did not know clearly the line between fair and dishonest, 'as he had purchased bank offices,' he continued. 'It is evil, the acquisition of vast states without difficulty, as was the case with the paybacks, only changed shape.
Le roi est mort, vive le roi!
Just in time to destroy the payback, as the railroads, the banks, also the profits are easy.
'Yes, that may be all right and witty...'
Stay down, Krak! 'Stepan Arkadić called out to a scratchy and hay-whistling dog, apparently confident of the fairness of his subject and therefore calm and slow.' 'But you did not draw a line between honest and dishonest work.'
The fact that I get more salaries than my deskmaster, although he knows the case better than I do, isn't it fair?
'I don't know.
'Well, I'll tell you, what you get for your work on the extra farm, let's say, 5,000, and our master, no matter how hard he works, won't get more than 50 rubles, just as dishonestly as I get more tablekeepers and Malta gets more road masters.'
On the contrary, I see some hostile, ungrounded social attitude towards these people, and I think there's envy...
'No, it is not fair,' said Veslovsky, 'there can be no envy, and there is something unclean in this matter.
'No, let me,' said Levin. 'You say it's not fair, that I get 5,000, and that man is fifty rubles: that's true.
It's not fair, and I can feel it, but...
'It is indeed.
What are we eating, drinking, hunting, doing nothing, and he's always working? 'Vasenka Veslovsky said, apparently for the first time in his life, having clearly thought about it, and therefore quite frankly.'
'Yes, you do, but you do not give him your name,' said Stepan Arkadić, as if he had deliberately bullied Levin.
Recently, there has been a sort of secret hostility between the two brothers: it's as if since they were married to their sisters, there has been a rivalry between them about who's better at putting their lives together, and now this hostility has been expressed in a personal conversation that began to take place.
'I'm not giving up because no one is asking me to do this, and if I wanted to, I shouldn't give it back,' answered Levin, 'and there is no one.
'Give it to this man; he will not refuse.
'Yes, but how will I give it to him?
I'm gonna go with him and do some shopping?
'I do not know; but if you are convinced that you have no right...'
'I am not convinced at all.
On the contrary, I feel that I have no right to give up, that I have responsibilities for both the earth and the family.
'No, let me; but if you think this inequality is unfair, then why don't you act like this?'
'I am acting, only negatively, in the sense that I will not try to widen the difference that exists between me and him.
'No, I'm sorry; it's a paradox.
'Yes, it is a sophic explanation,' confirmed Veslovsky. 'Ah! Master,' he said to the man who squeaked the gate into the barn. 'Are you still awake?'
'No, what a dream!
I thought our gentlemen were sleeping, and they were listening.
I'm gonna get a hook here.
She won't bite? 'He added, walking with his bare feet carefully.'
'Where will you sleep?
'We are at night.
'Ah, what a night! 'Veslovsky said, looking at those who were seen in the faint light of the dawn in the great frame of the gates now opened, the edge of the embroidery and the dismounted skating.' 'Listen, these are women's voices and, right, not bad.
Who's singing, master?
'And this is the backyard girls, near here.'
'Let's go for a walk!
We're not gonna fall asleep.
Oblonsky, let's go!
'How it would be to lie down and go,' answered Oblonsky, pulling up. 'Leave good.
'Well, I will go alone,' said Veslovsky, standing up and wearing his shoes. 'Goodbye, gentlemen.
If it's fun, I'll call you.
You've given me a wild meal, and I won't forget you.
'Isn't that right, dear fellow? 'Oblonsky said, when Veslovsky left, and the man behind him closed the gate.'
'Yes, dear,' answered Levin, continuing to think about the subject of the just-executed conversation.
He felt that as much as he could express his thoughts and feelings clearly, yet both of them, not stupid and sincere, said in one voice that he was content with sophisms.
It embarrassed him.
'That's right, my friend.
One of two things is either to recognize that the present structure of society is just and then to defend its rights; or to recognize that you enjoy and enjoy unfair advantages, as I do.
'No, if it weren't fair, you wouldn't be happy to enjoy it, at least I wouldn't.
I need to feel like it's not my fault.
'Aren't you really going?' 'Stepan Arkadić said, obviously, the code of thought. 'Cause we're not gonna fall asleep.
Right, let's go!
Levin did not answer.
The word they said in the conversation that he acted fairly only in the negative sense occupied him.
"Would it be a bad thing to be fair?" 'He asked himself.'
'But how much fresh hay smells! 'Stepan Arkadić said, rising up.' 'I will never fall asleep.'
Vasenka's up to something.
Do you hear the laugh and his voice?
Won't you go?
Come on!
'No, I will not go,' answered Levin.
'Are you a principle too?' 'Smileing,' said Stepan Arkadić, looking for his hat in the dark.
'Not on the principle, why would I go?'
'You know, you're gonna hurt yourself,' said Stepan Arkadić, finding the cap and getting up.
'Didn't I see how you set yourself up with your wife?'
I've heard you have a question of first priority -- whether you're going or not for two days on the hunt.
It's all good as idyllic, but it's not gonna be enough for a lifetime.
A man has to be independent, he has his own male interests.
The man must be courageous,' said Oblonsky, opening the gate.
'I mean, what is it?' Go look after the yard girls? 'I asked Levin.'
'Why not go if it's fun?'
Ca ne tire pas a consequence.
My wife's gonna be just fine, and I'm gonna have fun.
The most important thing is to keep the shrine at home.
There's nothing in the house. Don't put your hands on them.
'Maybe,' said Levin dryly and turned on his side. 'Tomorrow I have to go early, and I am not waking up anyone, but I am going at dawn.'
'Messieurs, venez vite! 'The voice of the returned Veslovsky was heard.' 'Charmante!
I'm the one who opened this.
Charmante, the perfect Gretchen, and we've already met her.
That's right, sweetheart!-- he said with such an approval view, as if it was made for him, and he was pleased with the man who made it for him.
Levin pretended to be asleep, and Oblonsky, when he put on his shoes and hamstrung his cigar, went out of the barn, and their voices were quiet.
Levin couldn't sleep long.
He heard his horses chew the hay, then as the master with the older little one gathered and left at night; then heard the soldier sleeping on the other side of the barn with his nephew, the young son of the master; heard the boy chewing his uncle with a thin voice to tell him his impression of dogs that seemed scary and huge to the boy; then the boy asking who those dogs would be caught, and as a soldier with a whirlwind and a sleepy voice told him that tomorrow the hunters would go into the swamp and shoot from the guns, and then, to get away from the boy's questions, he said, "Sleep, Vyka, sleep, or look," and soon he snooze, and it was all quiet; it was only a cry of horses and a brocade.
"Is it only negative? 'He repeated it to himself. 'So what?'
It's not my fault."
And he started thinking about tomorrow.
"Tomorrow I'll go early in the morning and take care of myself.
The Becas are a mess.
And there's a dope.
I'll come home, a note from Kitty.
Yeah, Steve's probably right. I'm not manly with her.
But what can we do?
Again negative!"
Through his sleep, he heard laughter and the merry talk of Veslovsky and Stepan Arkadjić.
He opened his eyes for a moment: the moon came up, and in the open gate, brightly lit with the moon's light, they stood, talking.
Something about Stepan Arkadić talking about the girl's freshness, comparing her to a fresh peanut just hatched, and something Veslovsky, laughing with his contagious laughter, would say, probably the man said to him, "You're gonna get yours as hard as you can!" Levin said through his dream:
'Lords, tomorrow is better than light! 'And fell asleep.
XII
When Levin woke up early in the morning, he tried to wake up his comrades.
Vasenka, lying on his stomach and pulling out one leg in a stocking, slept so hard that he couldn't get an answer.
The Oblonian refused to go so early in his sleep.
Even Laska, who had slept with a ring on the edge of the hay, was reluctant to stand up and lazy, one by one, pulled out and adjusted her back legs.
After taking his shoes, taking his gun and carefully opening the squeaky door of the barn, Levin went out into the street.
Cookers were sleeping at the crews, horses were sleeping.
She only ate the oats lazyly, snoring him on the well.
There were still grays in the yard.
'What's up so early, little pervert? 'As a friend to an old friend, he was approached by an ex-owner.'
'Yeah, hunting, Auntie.
Do you want me to go to the swamp?
'Surely with the boots; with our gums, sweet man, with the cannabis; the stitching there.'
Carefully walking with her bare, tanned feet, the old woman led Levin away and threw away the fence at the gum.
'You're right in the swamp.
Our guys went there forever.
Laska jokingly ran ahead on the path: Levin followed her quickly, lightly, staring at the sky.
He wanted the sun not to rise before it reached the marsh.
But the sun wasn't.
A month that was still shining when it came out, now only shiny as a piece of mercury; the morning barn, which could not be ignored before, now had to be searched; previously undefined spots on the far field were now clearly visible.
They were rusty cops.
Unseen yet without sunshine, dew in a sullen high pot, from which the wiles were chosen, urinated Levin's legs and blues above the belt.
In the clear silence of the morning, the slightest sound was heard.
A bee with a whistled bullet flew past Levin's ear.
He looked closely and saw another and a third.
They all flew out because of the beekeeper's braid and hid over the cannabis in the direction of the marshes. The stitch went right into the swamp.
The swamp could be identified by the pairs that climbed from it, where it was thicker, where it was less common, so that the moose and the crustite bushes, like the islands, hesitated on that couple.
On the edge of the marshes and the roads, the boys and the men who were watching the night lay, and before the dawn all slept under the caftans.
There were three confused horses not far from them.
One of them was wearing shackles.
Laska walked next to the master, waking up and looking back.
After passing through the sleeping men and standing up to the first urine, Levin examined the pistons and let the dog in.
One of the horses, a full brown third man, when he saw the dog, he flipped and, with his tail up, he sniffed.
The rest of the horses were also scared and, with their feet stuck in the water, they jumped out of the marsh and produced sounds like clapping from thick clay.
Laska stopped, laughing at the horses and asking questions about Levin.
Levin ironed Laska and swerved to show that it was possible to begin.
Laska's funny, and she's worried, she's runnin' under her trembling trembling.
When Laska ran into the swamp, immediately, among her familiar smells of root, herbs, rust, and foreign smell of horse manure, she sensed the fragrance of the bird that she was most concerned about.
Somewhere along the moss and ponds, the moist scent was very strong, but there was no way to decide which way it was increasing and weakening.
To find a direction, you had to go further into the wind.
Without feeling the movement of her legs, Lasca, with a tense gallop, could stop at every jump if she found it necessary, leaped right away from the wind blowing from the east and turned to the wind.
When she breathed into herself the air with extended nostrils, she immediately felt that she was here, before her, not alone, but much.
Laska reduced the speed of the run.
They were here, but where exactly, she couldn't tell.
To find this very place, she started the circle when suddenly the host's voice entertained her.
"Lasca! Here!" 'He said, pointing her the other way.'
She stood there asking him if it was better to do what she started. But he repeated the order with an angry voice, showing it to a water-sprayed pub where nothing could have happened.
She listened to him pretending that she was looking to make him happy, licked up the knob and went back to her place and immediately felt them again.
Now that he wasn't bothering her, she knew what to do, and, without looking under her feet and with annoyance, stumbled on the tall kegs and got into the water, but with flexible, strong legs, she started a circle that was supposed to explain everything to her.
The smell of them was growing stronger and stronger, more precise and more precise, and suddenly it became quite clear to her that one of them was here, behind that lump, five feet before her, and she stopped and froze the whole body.
On her low feet, she could not see anything in front of herself, but she scented that he was sitting within five steps.
She stood, feeling him more and more and enjoying the wait.
Her extravagant tail was pulled out and pissed off only at the end.
Her mouth was slightly open, her ears raised.
One ear turned still on the run, and it was hard, but carefully breathing and looking back, with more eyes than its head on the master.
He, with his familiar face, but always awful eyes, walked, tripping, cats, and incredibly quiet, as she thought.
She thought he was walking quietly and he was running.
Noticed that particular search for Luski, when she pressed all the way to the ground, as if she had taken great steps in her back legs, and opened her mouth slightly, Levin realized that she was pulling her asses, and in the soul praying to God for success, especially on the first bird, he ran up to her.
When he came up to her, he looked from his height before him, and saw with his eyes what she saw with her nose.
There was an asshole in the hole between the buns.
When he turned his head, he listened.
Then, as he spread and folded his wings again, he sneaked out behind the corner, embarrassingly spinning his back.
'Peel, saw,' cried Levin, kicking Laska's ass.
"But I can't go," Laska thought. 'Where will I go?
I can feel them from here, and if I move forward, I can't understand where they are or who they are."
But when he pushed her on his knee and whispered, he said, "Peel, sweetheart, drink!"
"Well, if he wants to, I'll do it, but I'm not in charge of myself anymore," she thought, and she went up and down between the knobs.
She didn't smell anything anymore, and she just saw and heard, and she didn't understand anything.
Ten steps away from the old place, with a fat ferret and a special bulge of bulging wings, one dupel rose. And after the shot, he slapped his white breasts hard on wet shakes.
The other could not wait for Levin to come up from behind without a dog.
When Levin turned to him, he was far away. But the shot got him.
After flying twenty steps, the second duppet went up to the top with a Coke and a cube, like an abandoned ball, and fell heavily to a dry spot.
'This is gonna be good!' thought Levin, hiding warm and fat ash in the tibia. 'Ah, sweetheart, will it be good?'
When Levin loaded his gun and moved on, the sun, though not yet visible behind the clouds, rose.
A month after losing all the glitter like a cloud, there was whiteness in the sky; no stars were seen.
The urinals, previously silvered by dew, are now gold.
The rust was all amber.
The blue herbs have moved to yellowish greens.
Swamp birds dug on shiny dews and put a long shadow of bushes at the creek.
The hawk woke up and sat on a cop, side by side, turning his head, disgruntlingly looking at the swamp.
The gals were flying into the field, and the barefoot boy had already driven the horses up to the kaftan climber and the scratched old man.
Smoke from gunshots, like milk, white in green grass.
One of the boys ran to Levin.
'Uncle, the ducks were here yesterday! 'He cried out to him, and followed him from afar.'
And Levin, in view of this boy, who expressed his approval, had the double pleasure of killing three becass at once.
The hunter knows that if the first beast and the first bird were not missed, the field would be happy, and it proved to be just.
Tired, hungry, happy, Levin, at the tenth hour of the morning, out of thirty, with 19 pieces of red game and one duck he tied to his belt, as she was no longer climbing into the lambs, returned to the apartment.
His comrades woke up a long time ago and got hungry and had breakfast.
'Wait, wait, I know that there are nineteen,' said Levin, counting for the second time the non-existent as they had, when they flew out, crooked and dried up, baked with blood, with the heads of the dupels and the beckas.
The account was true, and the envy of Stepan Arkadyić was pleasing to Levin.
It was also a pleasure for him that when he returned to the apartment, he was caught already coming from Kitty with a note.
"I'm healthy and funny.
If you're afraid for me, you can be even more calm than before.
I have a new bodyguard, Maria Vsaevna (who was a midwife, a new, important face in Levin's family life).
She came to see me. Found me perfectly healthy, and we left her until you arrived.
Everyone's happy, healthy, and please take your time, and if the hunt is good, stay a day."
These two joys, a happy hunt and a note from his wife, were so great that the two little troubles that followed were easy for Levin.
The one thing was that the redhead, apparently reworking yesterday, did not eat feed and was bored.
The guy said she was torn up.
'Listen yesterday, Konstantin Dmitrich,' he said. 'Oh, yes, ten verste had gone wrong!
Another trouble that upset his good spirit in the first minute, but over whom he laughed after much, was that of all the provisions that Kitty had given up in such abundance that it seemed impossible to eat it a week, nothing was left.
When Levin returned tired and hungry from hunting, he was so certain to dream of cakes that, as he approached the apartment, he had already heard the smell and taste of them in his mouth, as Laska was sniffing the game, and immediately told Philip to serve them to him.
Turns out not only the cakes, but the chickens were gone.
'Oh, my appetite! 'Stepan Arkadić said, laughing, pointing at Vasenka Veslovsky.' 'I do not suffer from a lack of appetite, but it is amazing...
'Well, what to do! 'Said Levin, looking down at Veslovsky.' 'Phillip, give me the beef.'
'The beef was eaten, I gave the bone to the dogs,' answered Philip.
Levin was so offended that he said with shame: 'I wish I had left something!' and he wanted to cry. 'Throw out the wild, then,' he said with Philip's trembling voice, trying not to look at Vasenka, 'and put on the snails. Ask me some milk.
Then, when he was full of milk, he was ashamed of himself for being annoyed with someone else, and he began to laugh at his hungry anger.
In the evening, the field in which Veslovsky also killed a few grand was also made, and on the night they returned home.
The way back was as much fun as the way out there.
And Weslovsky sang it, and remembered his pleasure with the men who gave him vodka and said to him, "Don't talk to him." Then his nights with the peanuts and the yard girl and the man who asked him if he was married, and when he found out that he was not married, he said to him, "And you shouldn't marry anyone else's wives, but you should try your best."
Those words made Veslovsky laugh in particular.
'In fact, I am terribly pleased with our journey.
And you, Levin?
'I am very pleased,' said Levin sincerely, who was particularly pleased not only not to feel the hostility he felt at home towards Vasenka Veslovsky, but, on the contrary, to feel friendly with him.
On the other day, at 10 p.m., Levin, after bypassing the farm, knocked on the room where Vasenka was sleeping.
'Entrez,' shouted Veslovsky. 'Excuse me, I've only just finished my ablusions,' he said, smiling, standing in front of him in one underwear.
'Don't be shy, please. 'Then Levin sat down at the window.' 'Did you sleep well?
'As dead.
What a day it is for hunting!
'Yes. Are you tea or coffee?
'Neither.
I'm having breakfast.
I'm really ashamed.
Ladies, I think they're up already?
Take a good walk now.
You show me the horses.
As he walked through the garden, he went to the stables, and even made gymnastics in the barn together, Levin returned with his guest home, and entered the living room with him.
'Great hunting, and how many impressions! 'Veslovsky said, approaching Kitty, who was sitting behind the samurai. 'It is a pity that the ladies are deprived of these pleasures!
"Well, he should talk to the hostess of the house sometime," said Levin to himself.
He felt something in his smile again, in the victorial expression the guest approached Kitty...
The Princess, sitting on the other side of the table with Maria Vsayevna and Stepan Arkadyić, called Levin and talked to him about moving to Moscow to give birth to Kitty and making an apartment.
For Levin, as at the wedding, there were unpleasant preparations that insulted the majesty of what was being done, even more offensive were the preparations for future births, the time of which was somehow counted on their fingers.
He kept trying not to hear these conversations about how the baby's future would be sunk, and he tried to turn his back and not see some mysterious endless knitting strips, some painting triangles attributed to Dolly's special importance, etc.
The birth of a son (he was certain that the son) that he had been promised, but that he could not believe in -- so it seemed extraordinary -- seemed to him, on the one hand, so great and therefore impossible happiness, on the other hand, so mysterious that it was such an imaginary knowledge of what would happen and, because of the preparation as an ordinary, human being, it seemed outrageous and humiliating to him.
But the Princess did not understand his feelings and explained to him his reluctance to think and talk about it in a rash and indifferent way, and thus left him uneasy.
She instructed Stepan Arkadyich to look at the apartment and now called Levin.
'I know nothing, Princess.
Do as you wish,' he said.
'We have to decide when you'll move.'
'I don't really know.
I know there's gonna be millions of babies without Moscow and doctors... why...
'If so...
'No, as Kitty wants.
'You can't talk to Kitty about it!
What do you want me to do to scare her?
This spring, Natalie Golitsyn died of a bad obstetrician.
'Whatever you say, I will,' he said.
The Princess began to tell him, but he did not listen to her.
Although the conversation with the Princess upset him, he was blushed not by this conversation, but by what he saw at the samovar.
"No, it's impossible," he thought, sometimes looking at Kitty Vasenka's bent over, with his beautiful smile saying something to her, and she was red and excited.
There was something unclean in Vasenka's pose, in his eyes, in his smile.
Levin saw even something unclean in Kitty's pose and look. And the light is dead again in his eyes.
Again, yesterday, suddenly, without the slightest passage, he felt thrown from the height of happiness, tranquillity, dignity into the abyss of despair, anger and humiliation.
It's all over again, and it's disgusting to him.
'Do as you wish, Princess,' he said, looking back again.
'Here's Monomach's heavy hat!' said Stepan Arkadić to him, insinuating, not just to talk to the Princess, but to the cause of Levin's anxiety, which he had noticed. 'How late you are today, Dolly!
Everyone stood up to meet Daria Alexandrovna.
Vasenka stood up for a minute, and with new young people's lack of courtesy, he bowed to the ladies and continued talking again, laughing at something.
'Masha tortured me.
She did not sleep well, and the mood is terrible today,' said Dolly.
The conversation that Vasenka had with Kitty was about yesterday, about Anna, and whether love could rise above the conditions of light.
Kitty was distasteful of this conversation, and he was worried about her both about the content and the tone that led him, and especially because she knew how it would affect her husband.
But she was too simple and innocent to be able to stop this conversation, and even to cover up the external pleasure that this young man had given her the obvious attention.
She wanted to stop talking, but she didn't know what to do.
Whatever she did, she knew, would be seen by her husband, and everything would be turned into a bad side.
And indeed, when she asked Dolly what was going on with Mary, and Vasenka, waiting for this boring conversation to end for him, began to look at Dolly with indifference, this question seemed to Levin as an insane, disgusting trick.
'Are we going to get mushrooms now?' 'Yes,' said Dolly.
'Let's go, please, and I will go,' said Kitty and blushed.
She wanted to ask Vasenka if he was going and didn't ask. 'Where are you going, Kostya? 'She asked her husband with a bad look when he walked by her with determination.'
This guilty expression confirmed all his doubts.
'The driver came without me, I haven't seen him yet,' he said, without looking at her.
He went downstairs, but before he got out of the office, he heard his wife's familiar steps coming carelessly towards him.
'What are you? 'He said to her, dry.' 'We're busy.
'Excuse me,' she turned to the German driver. 'I have a few words to say to my husband:
The German wanted to leave, but Levin said to him,
'Don't worry.
'The train at three?' 'The German asked.' 'I wish I was late.'
Levin did not answer him and went out with his wife.
'Well, what do you have to say to me?' 'He spoke French.'
He didn't look at her face, and he didn't want to see that she, in her position, was shaking the whole face and had a pathetic, destroyed look.
'I'm... I'm saying that you can't live like this, that it's torture...' she said.
'People are here in the buffet,' he said angryly, 'don't make a scene.
'Come on, let's go!
They were standing in the front room. Kitty wanted to go in next door.
'Well, let's go to the garden!
In the garden, they bumped into a man who cleaned the road. And no longer thinking that a man saw her crying, and his excited face, not thinking that they had a kind of people running away from some kind of disaster, they walked fast ahead, feeling that they had to speak out and talk to each other, to be alone, and to get rid of the torment that both had experienced.
'You can't live like this!
It's torture!
I suffer, you suffer.
For what? 'She said, when they finally got to the secluded shop on the corner of the fake alley.'
'But you tell me one thing: Was in his tone indecent, unclean, humiliating, awful? 'He said, standing before her again in the same position, with his fists in front of his breast, as he stood before her at night.'
'It was,' she said with a trembling voice. 'But, Kostya, do you not see that it is not my fault?'
I wanted to take that tone this morning, but these people...
Why did he come?
How happy we were! 'She said, suffocating with the tears that lifted up her full body.'
The gardener was surprised to see that nothing was coming after them and that there was nothing to run from, and that nothing particularly happy could be found in the shop. The gardener saw that they had come home to him with calm, shining faces.
When Levin led his wife upstairs, he went to half of Dolly.
For her part, it was a day of great sorrow.
She walked around the room and said angryly to a girl standing in a corner crying:
'And you will stand all day in the corner, and you will have lunch alone, and you will not see any dolls, neither will you have a new dress,' she said, without knowing how to punish her.
'No, it's a nasty girl! 'She turned to Levin.' 'Where do these vile tendencies come from?'
'What did she do?' 'It was rather indifferent that Levin, who wanted to consult about his case, said, and so it was a shame that he had fallen into displeasure.
'He and Grisha went to the raspberry and there... I can't even tell you what she was doing.
That's disgusting.
A thousand times you'll regret Miss Elliot.
This one isn't looking at anything, the car...
Figurez vus, quo'elle...
And Daria Alexandrovna told Mary's crime.
'It doesn't prove anything, it's not nasty inclinations at all, it's just a mess,' she was calmed down by Levin.
'But are you upset?
Why are you here? 'I asked Dolly.' 'What is being done there?
And in the tone of the question, Levin heard that it would be easy for him to say what he intended to say.
'I wasn't there, I was alone in the garden with Kitty.
This is the second time we've had a fight since...
Steve's here.
Dolly looked at him with smart, understanding eyes.
'Well, tell me, hand upon heart, wasn't... in Kitty, but in this gentleman such a tone that may be unpleasant, uncool, but terrible, insulting to his husband?'
'I mean, how do you say...'
Wait, stay in the corner! 'She turned to Mary, who, when she saw a slight smile on her mother's face, turned. 'Societal opinion would be that he behaves like all young people.
Il fat la cour a une jeune et jolie femme, and the husband should only be flattered by it.
'Yes, yes,' said Levin sombrely, 'but have you noticed?
'Not just me, but Steve noticed.'
He said to me right after tea: Je crois que Veslovsky fait un petit brin de cour a Kitty.
'That's great, now I'm calm.
I will drive him away,' said Levin.
'Are you out of your mind? 'Scaredly screamed Dolly.' 'Come on, Kostya, remember! 'Laughing,' she said. 'Well, you can go to Fanny now,' she said. 'No, if you want me to tell Steve.
He'll take him away.
You could say you're waiting for guests.
He's not at our house at all.
'No, no, I'll do it.
'But will you fight?'
It will be so much fun for me,' said Levin. 'Well, forgive her, Dolly!
She won't,' he said, about a little criminal who didn't go to Fanny and hesitated against her mother, waiting and looking for her eyes.
Mother looked at her.
The girl cried, buried her face in her mother's knees, and Dolly put her skinny soft hand on her head.
"What do we have in common with him?" 'I thought Levin, and went to search for Veslovsky.'
Going through the front, he told me to plant a stroller to drive to the station.
'The ressort broke yesterday,' answered the footman.
'Well, so tarantas, but sooner.'
Where's the guest?
'They went to their room.
Levin caught Vasenka while he had taken his belongings out of the suitcase and decomposing new novels and tried on crags to ride.
Whether there was anything special in Levin's face, Vasenka himself felt that the ce petit brin de cour he had set up was inappropriate in this family, but he was somewhat confused (as a secular man may be) by Levin's entrance.
'Do you ride in crags?'
'Yes, it is much cleaner,' said Vasenka, putting his fat foot on the chair, setting the bottom hook and having fun, smiling well.
He was certainly a kind fellow, and Levin felt sorry for him and was ashamed of himself, the master of the house, when he noticed the shyness in Vasenka's eyes. H
And the table lay a piece of stick, which they broke together this morning in the gymnastics, trying to lift up the stuffed barns.
Levin took this wreck into his hand and began to break the cracked end without knowing how to begin.
'I wanted to...' he shut up, but suddenly, remembering Kitty and all that was, looking him in the eye with determination, said, 'I told you to plant horses.'
'What do you mean? 'started with the surprise of Vasenka. 'Where shall I go?
'To you, on the railway,' said Levin darkly, the pinch is the end of the stick.
'Are you leaving or did something happen?'
'I happen to be waiting for guests,' said Levin, breaking with his strong fingers the ends of a split stick faster and faster. 'And I do not expect guests, and nothing has happened, but I ask you to leave.'
You can explain how you want me to be uncooperative.
Vasenka's straightened out.
'I ask you to explain to me...' he said with dignity, finally understanding.
'I can't explain it to you,' said Levin quietly and slowly, trying to hide the trembling of his cheekbones. 'And you better not ask.'
And since the broken ends were already broken, Levin clinged his fingers to the thick ends, tore up the stick, and carefully caught the fall of the end.
Perhaps the view of these heavy hands, the very muscles he felt this morning in gymnastics, and the shiny eyes, the quiet voice, and the shivering cheekbones convinced Vasenka more words.
And he shaked his shoulders and smiled in contempt, and bowed.
'Can I see Oblonski?
The shaking of his shoulders and smile did not annoy Levin.
"What else does he have to do?" 'He thought.'
'I'll send it to you now.
'What is this nonsense!' said Stepan Arkadić, learning from a friend that he was being expelled from his house, and finding Levin in the garden where he was walking, waiting for the guest to leave. 'Mais c'est Ridicule!
What kind of fly bit you?
Mais c'est du dernier Ridicule!
What do you think if a young man...
But the place where Levin was bitten by the fly seemed to be still sore, because he was pale again when Stepan Arkadič wanted to explain the cause, and quickly interrupted him:
'Please don't explain why!
I couldn't have done it otherwise!
I'm very ashamed of you and of him.
But I don't think he's gonna have much trouble leaving, and my wife and I are gonna hate his presence.
'But he is insulted!
Et puis c'est Ridicule.
'And I am insulted and tormented!
And it's not my fault, and I don't have to suffer!
'Well, that's not what I expected of you!
On peut etre jaloux, mais a se point, c'est du dernier radicale!
Levin turned quickly, and left him in the depths of the alleys, and kept walking alone back and forth.
Soon he heard the rumbling of Tarantas and saw from behind the trees, like Vasenka sitting on a hay (in trouble there was no seat in the tarantas) in his Scottish cap, jumping over the cliffs, driving through the alley.
"What's that?" 'I thought Levin, when the footman ran out of the house, stopped the tarantas.'
It was a driver that Levin completely forgot about.
The car driver used to say something to Veslovsky, then climbed into the tarantas, and they left together.
Stepan Arkadić and the Princess were outraged by Levin's actions.
And not only did he feel superior, but he also felt guilty and disgraced; but, remembering that he and his wife had suffered, he wondered how he would have done another time, and he answered himself, which was exactly the same.
Despite all of this, by the end of this day, all except the Princess, who did not forgive Levin's act, were incredibly excited and merry, like the children after the punishment or the big ones after the heavy official reception, so that tonight the expulsion of Vasenka in the absence of the Princess had already been referred to as a long-standing event.
And Dolly, who had a gift from her father to talk funny, forced Varenka to fall out laughing when she, for the third and fourth time, all with new humorous additions, talked about how she was just going to wear new guest bananas and walk out into the living room, and suddenly she heard a rumbling of wheelchairs.
And who's in the wheel? -- Vasenka herself, with the Scottish hat, and with the novels, and with the Crags, sits on the hay.
'I wish you'd told the carriage to hide it!
No, and then I hear, "Wait!"
Well, I guess they did.
I see they put a fat German in his house and drove him...
And my bows are gone!
Daria Alexandrovna fulfilled her purpose and went to Anna.
She felt very sorry for her sister and for her husband; she understood how just Levins were, not wanting to have any relationship with Wronski; but she felt it was her duty to visit Anna and show her that her feelings could not change despite the change in her situation.
So that she might not be dependent on the Levins on the journey, she sent the horses to the village; but Levin learned of it, and came to her with a reprimand.
'Why do you think I don't like your trip?'
If I did, it would make me feel worse if you didn't take my horses," he said. 'You never once told me that you were going in a determined way.
And hiring in the village, first of all, is unpleasant to me, and most of all, they're gonna take it, but they're not gonna make it. I have horses.
And if you don't want to upset me, you take mine.
Daria Alexandrovna had to agree, and on the appointed day Levin prepared four horses for his sister - in - law and set her up, bringing her together from the workers and from the upper ones, very ugly, but who could deliver Daria Alexandrovna in one day.
Now that the horses were also needed for the princess who was leaving and for the midwife, it was difficult for Levin, but as a matter of hospitality he could not allow Daria Alexandrovna to hire horses from his house, and he also knew that the twenty rubles asked of Daria Alexandrovna for the trip were very important to her; and the moneys of Daria Alexandrovna, who were in a very poor position, felt Levin as their own.
Daria Alexandrovna, on Levin's advice, left before dawn.
The road was good, the stroller was dead, the horses were running well, and the goats, except the coachman, were sitting in front of a footman sent by Levin for safety.
Daria Alexandrovna fell asleep and woke up, only when she reached the stable court where the horses had to be changed.
After drinking tea at the same rich host man who had Levin on his trip to Sviyazh, and having a conversation with the women about the children and the old man, Count Wronsk, whom he greatly praised, Daria Alexandrovna went on a ten - hour journey.
At home, taking care of her children, she's never had time to think. But now, on this four-hour journey, all the previously detained thoughts were suddenly in her head, and she changed her whole life, more than ever, and from all sides.
She was weird about her thoughts.
At first, she thought of the children whom, although the Princess, and most importantly Kitty (she had hoped for her), promised to look after them, she was concerned.
"No matter how much Mary starts to mess around again, Grisha's gonna get hit by a horse and Lily's stomach's gonna get upset."
But then the questions of the present began to change to questions of the near future.
She began to think about taking a new apartment in Moscow this winter, changing the furniture in the living room, and making a coat for her older daughter.
Then she began to look at the questions of a more distant future: how she would bring the children into human form.
'The girls are nothing yet,' she thought, 'but boys?
Okay, I'm working with Grisha now, but it's just because I'm free now, not having a baby.
Steve, of course, has nothing to count on. And I will take them out with the help of good men, but if they give birth again...
And she had a thought of how unjustly it was said that the curse was placed on a woman to bear a child in pain.
"Nothing to bear, but to wear -- that's what's painful," she thought, imagining her last pregnancy and the death of that last child.
And she remembered talking to a young woman in the yard.
Asked if she had children, a beautiful young woman said,
'There was a girl, God let go, buried her post.
'Well, do you feel sorry for her? 'Daria Alexandrovna asked.'
'Would you regret it?'
The old man has so many grandchildren.
Just care.
You don't have to work, you don't have to do anything.
Just one connection.
The answer seemed repulsive to Daria Alexandrovna, despite the young woman's kindness, but now she has been reluctant to recall those words.
There was a measure of truth in those cynical words.
"Yeah, and in general," thought Daria Alexandrovna, looking back on her life during these 15 years of marriage -- pregnancy, nausea, stupidity of mind, indifference to everything and, above all, outrage.
Kitty, the young, pretty Kitty, and she's so silly, and I'm being a pregnant woman, I know.
Births, suffering, monstrous suffering, this last minute... then feeding, these sleepless nights, these pains are terrible..."
Daria Alexandrovna shuddered with a single memory of the pain of cracked nipples that she had experienced with almost every child.
"Then the disease of the children, this fear is eternal; then the upbringing, the nasty inclinations (she remembered the crime of little Mary in raspberry), the study, the Latin -- it's all so incomprehensible and difficult.
And above all, the death of these same children."
Once again, in her imagination, her mother's eternally annoying heart came up with a cruel memory of the death of the last, a breast boy, who died a croup, his funeral, a general indifference in front of this little pink coffin, and his heart-broken, lonely pain in front of a pale lobster with curly curls, before an open and surprised mouth seen from the coffin the minute it was covered with a rose cap with a gallon cross.
"And what's all this for?
What's gonna happen out of all this?
The fact that I, having no moment of peace, am pregnant, that I am nursing, that I am always angry, that I am grumpy, that I am tormented, and that I am suffering, that I am disgusting to my husband, that I will live my life, and that I will grow up poor, wretched, wretched, and needy children.
And now, if it weren't for the summer of Levin, I don't know how we'd live.
Of course, Kostya and Kitty are so delicate that we are invisible; but this cannot continue.
They will go with their children, they will not be able to help us; they are still shy.
Well, would a dad who left almost nothing behind help him?
So I can't take the kids out on my own, and not with the help of others, with humiliation.
Well, if we assume the happiest, the kids won't die anymore, and I'm gonna raise them sometime. At best, they won't be bastards.
That's all I can want.
Because of all this suffering, labor...
My whole life is ruined!"
She was reminded again of what the young man had said, and again she was sick of remembering it; but she could not help but agree that there was a share of the gross truth in those words.
'What, far away, Michaela? 'Asked Daria Alexandrovna at the clerk's office to entertain her from the thoughts that scared her.
'It is from this village that seven versts are affected.
The wheel on the street of the village drove to the bridge.
There was a bunch of fun women with their wiggles on their shoulders on the bridge, ringing and chatting.
The women stopped at the bridge, curiously looking around the wheelchair.
All the faces turned out to be healthy, funny, teasing her with the joy of life.
"Everybody lives, everyone enjoys life," she kept thinking, passing the women, going to the mountain, and again on the rats enjoying shaking on the soft scramblers of the old wheelchair. "And I, like a prison released from a world that kills me with care, just remembered for a moment now.
Everyone lives: both these women, and Natalie's sister, and Varenka, and Anna, whom I am going to, not me.
And they're attacking Anna.
For what?
Well, am I better?
At least I have a husband I love.
Not the way I wanted to love him, but I love him, and Anna didn't love hers?
What's her fault?
She wants to live.
God put it in our soul.
It could be that I would have done the same thing.
And I still don't know if I did well to listen to her at this awful time when she came to visit me in Moscow.
I was supposed to leave my husband and start my life again.
I could love and be loved for real.
Is it better now?
I don't respect him.
I need him,' she thought about her husband,' and I tolerate him.
Is that better?
"I could still like it at the time, and I still have my beauty," she kept thinking, "and she wanted to look in the mirror.
She had a traffic mirror in her bag, and she wanted to get it out; but when she looked at the backs of the coach and the swinging clerk, she felt that she would feel ashamed if one of them looked back and didn't pull out the mirrors.
But without looking in the mirror, she thought that it was still not too late, and she remembered Sergei Ivanovich, who was particularly kind to her, Steve's friend, the kind Tourovtsin, who took care of her children with her during the Scarlatine and was in love with her. And there was this very young man who, as her husband joked to her, found that she was prettier than all the sisters.
And the most passionate and impossible novels were represented by Daria Alexandrovna.
"Anna did a great job, and I'm not gonna blame her.
She's happy, she makes another man's happiness, and she's not as full as I am, but, right, as always, fresh, smart, open to everything,' thought Daria Alexandrovna, and the flute smile was wrinkling her lips, especially because, thinking about Anna's novel, in parallel with him, Daria Alexandrovna imagined her almost the same romance with an imaginary collecting man who was in love with her.
She, like Anna, confessed everything to her husband. And the surprise and confusion of Stepan Arkadyić at the news made her smile.
In such dreams, she came to a turn from a big road leading to Vozvolensky.
The drawer stopped the four and looked back to the right, in the rust field where the men were sitting by the cart.
The clerk wanted to jump out, but then he thought about it, and he yelled at the man, and he's a man to himself.
The wind, which was on the road, was silent when it stopped: the blind were made angry by the sweaty horses that ran away from them.
It's a metal ring from the cart, and it's smashing down the scalp. One of the men went up and went to the wheelchair.
'Here you go! 'The clerk screamed angryly at the man's unhinged dry road with his bare feet. &lt;br /&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt; &gt;&gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;&gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 'Go, now!
A humping old man tied to his hair with a fan, with a dark sweating humpback, accelerating his step, came up to the wheelchair and took a tan by the side of the sidecar.
'Vodinsky, to the court of the barn?' To the count? 'He repeated it. 'Once you get out of here.'
Left turn.
You're gonna be right on top of it, and you're gonna stick it in there.
Who do you think you are? You're the only one who's gonna do this?
'Are they home, my dear?' 'Darya Alexandrovna said indistinctly, not knowing how even a man would ask about Anna.
'He must be at home,' said the man, walking bare feet and leaving a clear footprint with five fingers in the dust. 'He must be at home,' he repeated, apparently wanting to talk. 'The guests arrived yesterday.
Guests are passion...
What are you doing? 'He turned to the guy who screamed something from the cart.' 'And that!
Dave went all the way up here to watch the reap.
Must be home now.
Who are you gonna be?
'We are far away,' said the coachman, climbing on the goats.
Isn't that enough?
'I say it is. When you go out...' he said, peeling his hand on the side of the sidecar.
A young, healthy, hard-core guy came along, too.
'What, isn't there a job for cleaning? 'He asked.'
'I don't know, love.
'As you will take to the left, so you will stick,' said the man, apparently reluctant to leave the passers-by and wanting to talk.
The pitcher touched, but they just turned around like a man screaming,
Hey, honey! Wait. &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;Two voices screamed. &lt;i&gt;
The pitcher stopped. 'They're on their way! There they are! 'The man screamed.' 'You know, they're going down! 'He spoke, pointing to four horsemen and two in a charabana on the way.'
It was the Vronsky with the jockey, Veslovsky, and Anna with the tops and Princess Varvar with the Sviyazhsky in the Charabana.
They went for a ride and watched the operation of the newly arrived harvest machines.
When the crew stopped, the horsemen took a step.
Anna was driving in front of Veslovsky.
Anna was walking calmly on a small, dense English koba with a haircut and a short tail.
Her beautiful head with her broken black hair from under her high hat, her full shoulders, a thin thalium in a black Amazon, and all the calm graceful landing struck Dolly.
At the first minute, she felt nasty that Anna was riding.
With the idea of riding for the lady, the concept of Darya Alexandrovna combined the image of a young, light flirty, which, in her view, did not go to Anna's position; but when she saw it close, she immediately reconciled herself with her upper ride.
Despite the elegance, everything was so simple, calm and dignified, both in the pose and in Anna's clothes and movements, that nothing could have been more natural.
Next to Anna, Vasenka Veslovsky was riding on a gray, hot cavalry horse, pulling fat feet forward and apparently admiring himself in a Scottish cap with waving ribbons, and Daria Alexandrovna couldn't hold on to a fun smile when she knew it.
Wronsky was driving behind them.
There was a bloody, dark and wretched horse under him, obviously hot on the halope. He held her back and worked as a cause.
He was followed by a little man in a jockey suit.
Sviyazhsky with the princess in a new charban on a large raven rat caught up with the horsemen.
Anna's face the minute she was in a little snuggle in the corner of an old wheelchair, the figure recognized Dolly, suddenly glowing with a happy smile.
She screamed, shivered on the saddle, and touched the horse with a gallop.
When she drove up to the wheelchair, she jumped out without help and, while supporting the Amazon, ran toward Dolly.
'I didn't think so, and I didn't dare think so.'
What a joy!
You can't imagine my joy!' she said, leaning face to Dolly and kissing her, cutting off and smiling at her.
'Here's the joy, Alexei! 'She said, looking back at Wronsky, who had gone off his horse and approached them.'
He took off his gray high hat and approached Dolly.
'You will not believe how pleased we are to have you come,' he said, giving special meaning to the words spoken and smiling by opening his strong white teeth.
Vasenka Veslovsky, while not getting off his horse, took off his cap and, welcoming a guest, was happy to wave ribbons over her head.
'This is Princess Varvar,' replied Anna to Dolly's question-and-answer look when the charaban arrived.
'Ah! 'Daria Alexandrovna said, and her face was involuntarily expressing displeasure.'
Princess Varvar was her husband's aunt, and she knew her for a long time and did not respect her.
She knew that Princess Varvar had spent her entire life as a fixation for rich relatives; but that she now lived with a stranger, the woman, had insulted her for her husband's family.
Anna noticed Dolly's face and was confused, blushing, letting the Amazon out of her hand, and stumbled on it.
Daria Alexandrovna approached the stopped Charabana and said hello to Princess Barbara coldly.
Sviyazhsky was a friend, too.
He asked how his freak friend was doing with his young wife, and when he looked at the runners' eyes and with the pram's wings paid, he asked the ladies to ride in the charabana.
'And I will go in this vegikul,' he said. 'The horse is peaceful, and the Princess is a great ruler.'
'No, stay as you were,' said Anna who came, 'and we will ride in a wheelchair,' and she took her away under Dolly's hand.
Daria Alexandrovna's eyes turned to this elegant crew she had never seen, to these beautiful horses, to these elegant shiny faces that surrounded her.
But what struck her most was the change that took place in a familiar and beloved Anna.
Another woman, less considerate, who did not know Anna before, and especially who did not think the thoughts she thought were dear, would not notice anything special about Anna.
But now Dolly was struck by the temporary beauty that only in moments of love comes to women and that she now finds on Anna's face.
Everything in her face: the certainty of the cheeks and chins, the lip store, the smile that would fly around her face, the glitter of her eyes, the grace and speed of her movements, the fullness of the sounds of her voice, even the manner with which she responded angryly to Veslovsky, who asked her permission to sit on her cob to learn his halope from her right leg -- everything seemed particularly attractive; and she herself seemed to know and rejoiced.
When both women got into the wheelchair, they were suddenly embarrassed.
Anna was appalled by the careful and question-and-answer look that Dolly was looking at her; and Dolly was confused by the fact that after Sviyazhski spoke of vegikul, she was suddenly ashamed of the filthy old stroller that Anna sat with her.
Brother Philip and the clerk felt the same way.
In order to cover up his confusion, he freaked out, setting the ladies up, but Philip became dark and prepared to go ahead and disobey that external superiority.
He ironically smiled, looking at the raven rat and deciding in his mind that the raven in the charban was only good for the prom and wouldn't go through the 40 crutches in the heat of one rod.
The men all came up from the cart and looked at the guest's meeting in a curious and fun way, making comments.
'I'm also happy, I haven't seen you in a long time,' said the curly old man tied up in an abdomen.
'Here, Uncle Gerasim, a raven stud would drive his snots, now!
'Look at this.
Is that the woman in the pants? 'One of them said, pointing to Vasenka Veslovsky, who sat on the saddle.'
'No, man.
You know how clever that sounds!
'What, you guys, we're not going to sleep, are we?
'What a dream today!' said the old man, looking at the sun. 'It's noon, look, it's gone!
Take the hooks, come in!
Anna looked at the thin, worn out, with the dust on her face, and wanted to say what she thought -- exactly that Dolly had lost weight; but when she remembered that she had died herself and that Dolly &apos; s eyes had told her that, she sighed and spoke of herself.
'You are looking at me,' she said, 'and you think I can be happy in my position?'
Well, then!
Shame on you; but I'm... I'm unforgivably happy.
Something magical happened to me, like a dream, when it's scary, creepy, and suddenly you wake up and feel like there's no fear.
I'm awake.
I have survived a painful, terrible and long time ago, especially since we've been here so happy! 'She said, with a humble smile of question, looking at Dolly.
'How glad I am! 'Smileing,' said Dolly, involuntarily colder than she wanted. 'I am very happy for you.
Why didn't you write to me?
'Why?'
Because I didn't dare... you forget my position...
'To me?
You didn't?
If you knew how I...
I think...
Daria Alexandrovna wanted to say her thoughts this morning, but for some reason she didn't think it was the right place.
'But after that.'
What are all these buildings? 'She asked, wanting to change the conversation and pointing to the red and green roofs seen from the greens of the living fences, the acacia and the sirens.' 'Surely a town.
But Anna didn't answer her.
'No, no!
What do you think of my situation, what do you think? 'She asked.'
'I suppose...' started with Darya Alexandrovna, but at that time Vasenka Veslovsky, putting a cock on the right leg, slapping his short jacket about the curtain of the lady's saddle, pawned past them.
'Okay, Anna Arkadievna! 'He screamed.'
Anna didn't even look at him; but again, it seemed uncomfortable to start this long conversation in a wheelchair, so she reduced her mind.
'I don't think anything,' she said, 'and I have always loved you, and if you do, you love all the man he is, not what I want him to be.
Anna, taking her eyes off her friend's face and conversing (this was a new habit that Dolly did not know after her), wondered about the meaning of these words.
And apparently, when she understood them the way she wanted, she took a look at Dolly.
'If you had sins,' she said, 'they would all have forgiven you for coming and saying those words.
And Dolly saw that tears came to her eyes.
She shook Anna's hand silently.
'So what are these buildings?'
There's so many of them! -- after a minute of silence, she repeated her question.
'These are the employees' houses, the factory, the stables,' replied Anna. 'And this park begins.
It's all been launched, but Alexei's recommenced.
He's very fond of that name, and what I didn't expect was he was passionate about the house.
It's such a rich nature, though!
Whatever he's doing, he's doing great.
Not only does he not miss you, but he does it with passion.
He -- as I know him -- he's made a calculated, beautiful master, he's even niggardly in the household.
But only in the house. Where tens of thousands are involved, he does not think,' she spoke with the joyous, clever smile with which women often speak about the secret, which is the same open properties of the loved one. 'Do you see this big structure?'
It's a new hospital.
I think it's gonna cost over a hundred grand.
It's his dad now.
And you know why this is happening?
The men asked him to give up cheaper than the meadow, and he said no, and I blamed him for being niggardly.
Of course not, but all together,' he started this hospital to show, you know, how he's not stingy.
If you want, c'est une petitesse; but I love him even more for it.
Now you're gonna see the house.
It's still a grandfather's house, and it's not changed outside.
'How good! 'Dolly said, looking at a beautiful house with columns, which was from the flowered green of the old trees of the garden, with unbroken surprise.'
'Isn't that good?
And from the house upstairs, the view is amazing.
They moved into a wooded and flowered yard, where two workers placed a baked flower club with unmade nostriled stones, and stopped in a winged approach.
'Ah, they are already here! 'Anna said, looking at the horses that had just been removed from the porch. 'Isn't that a good horse? It's a cob.
My favorite.
Bring her down here and give her some sugar.
Count where? 'She asked the two footmen who had jumped out.' 'Oh, there he is! 'She said, when she saw him come out to meet her with Veslovsky.'
'Where will you place the Princess?' 'Bronsky said in French to Anna, and without waiting for an answer he once again said hello to Daria Alexandrovna, and now he kissed her hand. 'In the big balcony, I think?'
'Oh, no, that's far away!
Better in the corner, we'll see each other more.
Well, let's go,' said Anna, who gave her lacquer's sugar to her favorite horse.
'Et vous oubliez votre dewoir,' she said, too, on Veslovsky's porch.
'Pardon, j'en ai tout plein les poches,' he answered smiling, dropping his fingers into his vest pocket.
'Mais vuis venez trop tard,' she said, rubbing a handkerchief on her hand, which had been soaked by a horse that had taken sugar.
Anna said to Dolly: 'How long will you be?
For one day?
That's impossible! 'I promised, and the children!' said Dolly, feeling embarrassed and because she had to take a bag of a wheelchair, and because she knew that her face should be very dusty.
'No, Dolly, sweetheart...'
Well, we'll see about that.
Come on, come on! 'And Anna took Dolly to her room.
This room wasn't the front room that Wronsky offered, but the one that Anna said Dolly would apologize for.
And this room that had to be apologized for was full of luxury that Dolly never lived in and reminded her of the best hotels abroad.
'Well, sweetheart, how happy I am! 'For a moment, sitting in her Amazon near Dolly,' said Anna. 'Tell me about yours.
I saw Steve a little bit.
But he can't tell us about the kids.
That my favorite is Tanya?
Big girl, I think?
'Yes, it is very big,' she briefly replied, wondering that she was so coldly responding about her children. 'We live well with the Levins,' she added.
'If I had known,' said Anna, 'you do not despise me... you would all have come to us.'
Because Steve is an old and big friend with Alexei,' she added and suddenly blushed.
'Yes, but we are so good...' answered Dolly with confusion.
'Yes, it is I who say foolish things out of joy.
One, sweetheart, how happy I am to see you! 'Anna said, kissing her again.' 'You haven't told me yet how and what you think of me, and I want to know everything.'
But I'm glad you'll see who I am.
I don't want them to think I want to prove anything.
I don't want to prove anything, I just want to live; I don't want to hurt anyone but myself.
That's my right, isn't it?
It's a long conversation, though, and we'll have a good talk about it.
Now I'm gonna go get dressed, and I'm gonna send you a girl.
When she was alone, she looked at her room with the eyes of the hostess.
All she saw when she came to the house and walked through it, and now in her room, everything made her look like an abundance and affluence and that new European luxury she had read only in English novels, but had never seen before in Russia or in the village.
Everything was new, starting with the new French bounty to the carpet, which was wrapped up in the whole room.
The bed was a spring with a mattress and a special head and canauce pillowcase on small pillowcases.
The marble washer, the toilet, the couch, the tables, the bronze watches on the fireplace, the wardrobes and the porters were all expensive and new.
When she came to offer her services as a maid, in her hair and dress more fashionable than Dolly's, she was as new and expensive as the whole room.
Daria Alexandrovna was pleased with her courtesy, tidyness, and kindness, but was embarrassed with her; she was ashamed of her, as if in distress, by mistake, of her paid shirt.
She was ashamed of the patches and stitched-up places she was so proud of at home.
At home, it was clear that six shirts required 24 Nunsuku's Nunsuku's gun for 65, which amounted to more than 15 rubles, other than trim and work, and these 15 rubles were won.
But in front of the maid, it wasn't embarrassing, it was awkward.
Daria Alexandrovna felt greatly relieved when her old friend, Annushka, entered the room.
Frantija the maid was required by the lady, and Annushka stayed with Daria Alexandrovna.
Annushka was apparently very happy to see the lady and kept talking.
Dolly noticed that she wanted to express her opinion about the position of the barn, especially about the Count's love and loyalty to Anna Arkadyevna, but Dolly was working hard to stop her as soon as she started talking about it.
'I grew up with Anna Arkadievna, they are the most important thing to me.
Well, it's not up to us to judge.
Well, I think it's love.
'So, please, let me wash it, if possible,' interrupted her with Daria Alexandrovna.
'I'm listening.'
We've got two women on the ground, and we've got all the underwear in the car.
The Count gets to the bottom of everything.
What a husband...
Dolly was happy when Anna came in and stopped Anna's chatter when she came in.
Anna changed into a very simple batty dress.
Dolly looked closely at this simple dress.
She knew what it meant and how much money that simplicity was bought.
'An old friend,' said Anna to Annushka.
Anna wasn't embarrassed anymore.
She was completely free and calm.
Dolly saw that she was now fully recovered from the impression she had made of her arrival, and took over that superficial, indifferent tone in which the door to the section where her feelings and soulful thoughts were locked.
'Well, what about your girl, Anna? 'I asked Dolly.'
'Ani? (That's what she called her daughter Anna.)
Hey.
She's very well.
You want to see her?
Come on, I'll show you.
There was a terrible amount of trouble,' she began to tell,' with the nanny.
We had an Italian nurse.
It's good, but it's so stupid!
We wanted to send her away, but the girl's so used to her, she's still holding her.
'But how did you settle in?' 'The question began with Dolly as to what the girl's name would be; but when she noticed Anna's frowned upon face, she changed the meaning of the question. 'How did you arrange it?' Have you taken it already?
But Anna understood.
'That's not what you wanted to ask?
You wanted to ask about her name?
Really?
It's torturing Alexei.
She doesn't have a name.
So she was Karenina,' said Anna, squeezing her eyes so that only her eyelashes were visible. 'But, all of a sudden, with a bright face,' we will all talk about it afterwards.
Come on, I'll show you.
Elle est ters gentille. She's already crawling.
In the children's luxury of the house, which struck Daria Alexandrovna, she was even more impressed.
There were carts out of England, and teaching tools to walk, and a deliberately designed sofa like billiards, for crawling, and rocking, and baths are special, new.
All of this was English, solid and kind, and apparently very expensive.
The room was big, very tall and light.
When they came in, the girl in the same shirt sat in her chair by the table and had lunch with a broth that she poured all over her breast.
The girl was fed and apparently eaten with her herself by a Russian girl who served in the nursery.
There was neither a nurse nor a nanny; they were in the next room, and from there their words were heard in a strange French language, in which they could only speak to one another.
When she heard Anna's voice, dressed, tall, with a nasty face and an unclean expression from an English woman, quickly shaking the blonde bouquets, she entered the door and immediately began to make excuses, although Anna did not accuse her of anything.
"Yes, my lady."
A black, black - haired, brown girl, with a tough, tight chicken skin, a red calf, despite the harsh expression with which she looked at her new face, was very fond of Daria Alexandrovna; she even envied her healthy appearance.
The way that girl was crawling, she also really liked it.
None of her kids crawled like that.
That girl, when she was put on the carpet and poked in the back of her dress, was amazingly nice.
As an animal, she looked back on her big shiny black eyes and was clearly happy that she was walking around smiling and holding her legs side by side, and she was energyically holding her hands and pulling up her butt and grabbing her hands again.
But the general spirit of the child, and especially of the English, did not like Daria Alexandrovna very much.
Only by not going to a good family like Annina would she have explained to herself that Anna, with her knowledge of men, could have taken such an unsympathetic, unremarkable English girl to her daughter.
In addition, at once, according to a few accounts, she realized that Anna, a nurse, a nanny, and a child had not lived together, and that the mother's visit had been extraordinary.
Anna wanted to get the girl her toy and couldn't find it.
Surprisingly, Anna was wrong about how many teeth she had, and she didn't know at all about the last two teeth.
'It is hard for me sometimes that I am too much here,' said Anna, walking out of the nursery and wearing my plume to get past the toys standing at the door. 'That was not the case with the first one.
'I thought, on the contrary,' said Daria Alexandrovna shyly.
'Oh, no!
'Cause you know I saw him, Serezha,' said Anna, squeamishly looking at something far away. 'But that's what we'll talk about after.'
You're not gonna believe me, I'm definitely hungry, and all of a sudden I got a full lunch, and he doesn't know what he's gonna do.
Full lunch is you and the conversation I'm about to have with you, which I couldn't have with anyone, and I don't know what conversation I'm going to have before.
Mais je ne vois frai grace de rien.
I have everything to say.
Yeah, you gotta do the profile of the society you're gonna find in us -- it started. 'Begin with the ladies.
Princess Varvar.
You know her, and I know your opinion and Steve about her.
Steve says the whole purpose of her life is to prove her advantage over Aunt Katerina Pavlovna; it's all true; but she's kind, and I am so grateful to her.
There was a minute in Petersburg when I needed an un chaperon.
That's where she came in.
But, right, she's kind.
She's made my position a lot easier.
I see you don't understand the gravity of my situation... there in Petersburg, she added. 'I am perfectly calm and happy here. Well, that's after.
I have to list it.
Then Sviyazhsky -- he's the leader, and he's a very decent man, but he needs something from Alexei.
You know, with his condition, now that we've settled in the village, Alexei can have a lot of influence.
Then Tushkevich,'you saw him, he was with Betsy.
Now he's gone, and he's here to see us.
He's, like Alexei says, one of those people who's very nice when you take them for what they want to look like, et puis, come il fat, as Princess Varvar says.
Then Veslovsky... you know that.
A very sweet boy,' she said, and a fluffy smile wrinkled her lips. 'What kind of wild story is this with Levin?'
Veslovsky told Alexei, and we don't believe it.
'Il est ters gentil et naif,' she said again with the same smile. 'Men need entertainment, and Alexei needs the audience, so I care about all of this society.
We need to have a lot of fun and fun and make Alexei want nothing new.
Then the manager, the German, is very good and knows what he's doing.
Alexei really appreciates him.
Then a doctor, a young man, isn't exactly a nihilist, but, you know, he eats with a knife... but a very good doctor.
Then the architect...
Une petite court.
'Well, you and Dolly, Princess, you wanted to see her so much,' said Anna, with Daria Alexandrovna, going out to the great stone terrace, where Princess Varvar sat in the shadows, behind the balls, embroidering the chair for Count Alexei Kirillovich. 'She says she doesn't want anything until lunch, but you tell her to serve breakfast, and I will go find Alexei and bring them all.
Princess Varvar nicely and somewhat patronizing Dolly, and immediately began to explain to her that she had moved in with Anna because she had always loved her more than her sister, Katerina Pavlovna, the one who raised Anna, and that now that Anna had been abandoned, she felt obliged to help her during her transition, the most difficult period.
'The husband will give her a divorce, and then I will go back to my privacy, and now I can be useful and do my duty, no matter how hard it is for me, not as the others.'
And how nice you are, how nice of you to come!
They live perfectly as the best spouses; they will be judged by God, not by us.
Isn't Biryusovsky and Aveniev...
And Nikandrov himself and Vasiliev and Mamona, and Lisa Neptune...
Nobody said anything, didn't they?
And it ended up being accepted by everyone.
And then, c'est un interieur si joli, si come il fat.
Tout-a-fait a l'anglaise.
On se reunit le matin au breakfast et puis on se se separa.
Everyone does what they want before lunch.
Lunch at seven o'clock.
Steve did very well to send you.
He needs to hold on to them.
You know, he can do anything through his mother and brother.
Then they do a lot of good.
He didn't tell you about his hospital?
Ce sera admirable, all from Paris.
Their conversation was interrupted by Anna, who found the men's society in the pool hall and returned to the terrace with them.
There was still a lot of time left before lunch, and the weather was beautiful, so several different ways were suggested to spend the remaining two hours.
There were many ways to spend time in Vozvolensky, and all of them were different from those used in Pokrovsk.
'Une partie de lawn tennis,' said Veslovsky, smiling with his beautiful smile. 'We are with you again, Anna Arkadievna.
'No, it is hot; it is better to walk through the garden and in the boat to show Daria Alexandrovna the coasts,' put it to good use.
'I agree with everything,' said Sviyazhsky.
'I think Dolly is the most pleasant walk, isn't he?'
And then she was on the boat,' said Anna.
It was decided.
Veslovsky and Tuskevich went to the bathing suit and they promised to make a boat and wait.
Two pairs went down the road, Anna with Sviyazhsky and Dolly with Vronski.
Dolly was somewhat confused and concerned about the completely new environment in which she found herself.
Distracted, theoretically, she not only justified but even approved of Anna's actions.
As is often the case in general, moral women who are tired of the uniformity of moral life have not only apologised but even envied her from afar.
Besides, she loved Anna with her heart.
But in reality, when she saw her in the midst of these strangers, with their new and good tone for Darya Alexandrovna, she was embarrassed.
It was especially unpleasant for her to see Princess Barbara, who had forgiven them for the comforts she had enjoyed.
In fact, being distracted, Dolly approved Anna's action, but seeing the person for whom it was done was unpleasant to her.
Besides, Wronsky never liked her.
She thought he was very proud and saw nothing in him that he could be proud of but wealth.
But, against his will, he was here at his home, and he was more impressed with her than ever before, and she couldn't be free with him.
She felt with him like she felt with a maid for a shirt.
Like a maid, she wasn't ashamed but embarrassed by the patches, and with him, she was always not ashamed but embarrassed by herself.