'It suits him,' said Levin. 'How many more volunteers are there?' 'He added, looking at Sergei Ivanovich.
Koznyshev, without answering, carefully removed a stabbing knife from a cup in which a white hundred honey was lying in the corner, sticking into a flying honey living bee.
'Yes, it is!
You should have seen what was at the station yesterday! 'Catawasov said, eating a cucumber on the phone.
'Well, how do I know?'
For Christ's sake, why don't you tell me, Sergei Ivanovich, where all these volunteers are going, who are they fighting with? 'Ask the old prince, apparently continuing a conversation that began without Levin.'
'With the Turks,' answered Koznyshev, smiling calmly, asking for helplessly moving legs, blackened from the honey bee and sucking it from a knife to a strong donkey leaf.
'But who declared war on the Turks?'
Ivan Ivanich Ragozov and Countess Lydia Ivanovna with Madame Stahl?
'No one has declared war, and people sympathize with the suffering of others and wish to help them,' said Sergei Ivanovic.
'But the prince does not speak of help,' said Levin, standing up for the father-in-law, 'but of war.
The Prince says that private people cannot take part in war without the permission of governments.
'Kostya, look, it's a bee!
Right, we're being tempted!' said Dolly, running away from the wasp.
'It's not a bee, it's a wasp,' said Levin.
'Well, what's your theory? 'Speaks with the smile of Katavasov to Levin, clearly calling him to an argument. 'Why do private people not have the right?'
'Yes, my theory is that war, on the one hand, is such an animal, cruel and terrible thing that no man, not a Christian, can personally take responsibility for the outbreak of war, but only a government that is called upon to do so and brought to war inevitably.
On the other hand, both in science and in common sense, in public affairs, especially in the war, citizens renounce their personal will.
Sergei Ivanovic and Katavasov raised their objections at the same time.
'That's the thing, Father, that there may be cases where the government does not do the will of the citizens, and then the community declares its will,' said Katavasov.
But Koznyshev apparently did not approve of this objection.
He frowned at the words of Katavasov, and said another:
'It is in vain that you ask the question.'
It's not a declaration of war, it's just an expression of human, Christian feelings.
They kill brothers, half-brothers, and fellow believers.
Well, let's say not even brothers, not believers, but just children, women, the elderly; the feeling is outraged, and the Russians are running to help stop these horrors.
Imagine that you would walk down the street and see drunks beating a woman or a child; I think you wouldn't ask whether or not a war has been declared against this man, and you would throw yourself at him and protect the offended.
'But I wouldn't,' said Levin.
'No, you would have.
'I don't know.
If I had seen it, I would have given myself my senses directly; but I can't go ahead.
And there is no such immediate feeling of oppression by the Slavs, and there can be no such feeling.
'Maybe not for you. But for others it is,' said Koznyshev, wrinklingly. 'The people are living the traditions of Orthodox people suffering under the yoke of "unrighteous Agarians."
The people heard of the suffering of their brothers and spoke.
'Maybe,' said Levin evasively, 'but I do not see; I myself am a people, I do not feel it.
'Here I am,' said the prince. 'I lived abroad, I read the papers, and I confess I had no idea before the Bulgarian horrors why all the Russians suddenly loved the Slav brothers, and I do not feel any love for them.'
I was really upset, thinking I was a freak or what Carlsbad was doing to me.
But when I came here, I calmed down -- I see that there are other people who are only interested in Russia, not the Slav brothers.
There's Constantin.
'Personal opinions do not mean anything here,' said Sergei Ivanovic, 'it does not matter to personal opinions when all Russia -- the people have expressed their will.
'Excuse me. I don't see it.
The people do not know,' said the prince.
'No, Dad... why not? And Sunday at the church? 'Said Dolly, listening to the conversation. 'Give me a towel, please,' she said to the old man with a smile looking at the children. 'There is no way that everything...'
'What's Sunday in the church?
The priest was told to read.
He read it.
They did not understand anything, sighed as they did in all the preaching,' the prince continued. 'Then they were told that they were collecting a life-saving case in the church, so they took a penny out and gave it to them. They don't know what they're doing.
'The people cannot but know; the consciousness of their destinies is always in the people, and at moments like the present, it is discovered to them,' said Koznyshev in the affirmative, looking at the old beekeeper.
A handsome old man with a gray beard and thick silver hair stood still holding a cup of honey, gentle and calm from height to height, staring at the gentlemen, apparently without understanding or wanting to understand anything.
'That's right,' he said, shaking his head considerably to the words of Koznyshev.
'Oh, ask him.
He knows nothing and thinks nothing,' said Levin. 'Did you hear about the war, Mihailich? 'He turned to him.' 'Is that what they read in the church?
What do you think?
Should we fight for Christians?
'What do we think?'
Alexander Nikolaevich, the emperor, has thought about us, he'll think about us in all matters. He's more likely to...
Can I get you some more bread?
Can I get the kid some more? 'He turned to Daria Alexandrovna, pointing to Grisha, who had eaten the crust.
'I do not need to ask,' said Koznyshev, 'we have seen and seen hundreds and hundreds of people who give up everything to serve the right cause come from all sides of Russia and express their thought and purpose directly and clearly.
They bring their penny or they go and tell you why.
What does that mean?
'So I think,' said Levin, who was getting hot, 'that in the 80 million people there will always be tens of thousands of people who have lost their public position, who are always ready -- in the Bugachev gang, in Hiva, in Serbia...'
'I'm telling you, it is not hundreds or people who are insane, but the best of the people! 'Said Sergei Ivanovic with such an irritation, as if he were defending his last possession.' 'And the donations?'
There's a lot of people out there expressing their will.
'This is the word `people' so vaguely,' said Levin. 'The writer is velvet, teachers and men one in a thousand,'maybe they know what's going on.
The other eighty million, like Michailić, not only do not express their will, but they have no idea what they should express their will.
What right do we have to say that this is the will of the people?
An expert in dialectics, Sergei Ivanovic, immediately moved the conversation to another area.
'Yes, if you want to know the spirit of the people in an arithmetical way, of course it is very difficult to achieve.'
And the vote has not been imposed on us, nor can it be imposed, because it does not express the will of the people; but there are other ways to do so.
It feels in the air, it feels in the heart.
I do not speak of those underwater currents that have moved in the standing sea of the people, and that are clear to any open-minded man; look at society in a close sense.
All the world's most diverse intellectual parties, so hostile before, have all merged into one.
All the divisions ended, all the public authorities said one and the same thing, everyone sensed a natural force that captured them and carried them in the same direction.
'That's all the newspapers say,' said the prince. 'It's true.
It's all one thing that's definitely frogs in front of the storm.
They're not gonna make me hear anything.
'Frogs, not frogs,' said Koznyshev, speaking to his brother, I don't want to publish or defend newspapers; but I am talking about a unified mind in the world of intellectuals.
Levin wanted to answer, but the old prince interrupted him. 'Well, that's another way of thinking,' said the prince. 'Here's my son-in-law, Stepan Arkadić, you know him, he's now getting a seat from the committee committee and something else, I don't remember.
But there's nothing to do -- well, Dolly, it's not a secret! --and 8,000 salaries.
Try and ask him if his service is useful -- he'll prove to you that he's the right one.
And he's a true man, but you can't deny $8,000.
'Yes, he asked me to give him the job of Daria Alexandrovna,' said Koznyshev displeasedly, believing that the prince was speaking inappropriately.
'That's the consensus of the newspapers.
I've been told that once the war has been fought, it's twice their income.
How can they not believe that the fates of the people and the Slavs... and all this?
'I don't like newspapers for many, but it's not fair,' said Koznyshev.
'I would only make one condition,' continued the prince. 'Alphonse Carr wrote it beautifully before the war with Prussia.
"Do you think war is necessary?
Fine.
Those who preach war-- special, advanced legion and assault, attack, all ahead!"
'The editors will be good,' said Katavasov, laughing loudly, introducing the editors he knew in this chosen legion.
'Well, they will run away,' said Dolly, 'it will only get in the way.
'And if they run from behind a cart or a cossack with whips,' said the prince.
'It's a joke, and it's not a good joke, excuse me, Prince,' said Koznyshev.
'I don't see it as a joke, it's...' started Levin, but Sergei Ivanovic interrupted him.
'Every member of society is called upon to do his own work,' he said. 'And people of thought are doing their job by expressing public opinion.'
And the unanimity and full expression of public opinion is a credit to the press and yet a joyous phenomenon.
Twenty years ago, we would have been silent, and now the voice of the Russian people is heard, ready to stand up as one man, and willing to sacrifice themselves for the oppressed brothers; it is a great step and a sacrifice of strength.
'But not to sacrifice but to kill the Turks,' said Levin shyly. 'The people are willing and willing to sacrifice for their own souls, not for murder,' he added, uninvolvedly linking the conversation with the thoughts that so occupied them.
'As for the soul?'
It's, you know, a difficult expression for a natural.
What is a soul? 'Smile,' said Katavasov.
'Oh, you know!
'Oh, my God, I have no idea!' said Katavasov, laughing loudly.
'I am not peace, but the sword has brought,' says Christ, 'and for his part he objected, simply as if the most understandable thing, bringing the very place out of the Gospel that had always embarrassed Levin the most.
'That is true,' repeated the old man who stood beside them, responding to a random look at him.
'No, Father, it's broken, it's broken, it's completely broken! 'Funly yelled Katavasov.
Levin was blushing, not because he was broken, but because he couldn't resist and argued.
"No, I can't argue with them," he thought, "they have an impermeable armor and I'm naked."
He saw that the brother and Katavasov could not be persuaded and even less could agree with them.
What they preached was the pride of the mind that almost destroyed him.
He could not accept that dozens of people, including his brother, had the right, on the basis of what hundreds of Redbaby volunteers had told them in the capitals, to say that they and the newspapers were expressing the will and thought of the people, and the idea of revenge and murder.
He could not accept it because he did not see the expression of those thoughts in the people in whom he lived, nor could he find those thoughts in himself (and he could not think of himself as any other person as one of the people of the Russian people) and, above all, because he did not know with the people, could not know what the common good was, but knew firmly that the attainment of that common good was possible only through the strict implementation of the law of good that was open to everyone and therefore could not wish for war and preach for any common purpose.
He spoke with Michailić and the people who said in the tradition of the calling of the barbarians: "Know and possess us.
We are happy to promise total submission.
All the labour, all the humiliation, all the sacrifices we take, but we do not judge and judge."
And now the people, according to Sergei Ivanovichi, have renounced this right, bought at such a high price.
He wanted to say that if public opinion is an infallible judge, why is the revolution, the commune, not as legitimate as the movement in favor of the Slavs?
But all these were thoughts that couldn't solve anything.
One thing you could certainly see was that Sergei Ivanovic was annoying at the moment, so it was bad to argue; and Levin silenced and drew the attention of the guests to the fact that the clouds had gathered and that it was better to go home from the rain.
The Prince and Sergei Ivanovich boarded the cart and drove; the rest of the society, accelerating the move, went home on foot.
But the cloud, the white one, the black one, was coming so fast, you had to step up to get home before the rain.
Its foregrounds, low and black, like smoke and soot, clouds ran in the sky with extraordinary speed.
There were two hundred steps to the house, and the wind was rising, and the rain could wait for a second.
Children with scared and happy screaming ran ahead of them.
Daria Alexandrovna, struggling with her skirts, did not walk, but fled without letting the children out of her sight.
Men held their hats and walked in big steps.
They were at the porch itself, as a large drop hit and crushed the edge of the iron gutter.
The kids and the big ones with the fun talk ran into the roof.
'Caterina Alexandrovna? 'I asked Levin of the woman who met them in the front of Agatha Mikhaylovna with headscarves and patches.'
'We thought we were with you,' she said.
'And Mitya?
'In Kolka there must be a nanny with them.
Levin grabbed the patches and fled to Kolok.
In this short period of time, the cloud has already moved so far into the sun that it has become dark as an eclipse.
The wind stubbornly, as if to insist on its own, stopped Levin and, by cutting off leaves and colour with sticks and ugly and bizarrely burning white bitches of berets, turned everything in the same direction: acacias, flowers, plows, grass, and tops of trees.
Screaming girls in the garden ran under the roof of a man.
The white curtain of heavy rain has already captured all the distant forest and half the nearby field and moved quickly towards Kolk.
The cheese of the rain, broken into small drops, was heard in the air.
In his head and in his struggle with the wind that was tearing out his handkerchiefs, Levin had already run up to Kolk and had seen something blazing behind the oak, as soon as everything had broken out, the whole earth was set on fire, and as if the sky had cracked over his head.
When Levin opened his blind eyes through the thick curtain of rain that now separated him from Kolk, he saw with horror the strangely changed position of the green top of a familiar oak in the middle of the forest.
"Did it really break?" 'I could hardly think of Levin, how, with all the speed and speed of motion, the top of the oak hid behind the other trees, and he heard the cracking of the tree falling upon the other trees of the big tree.'
The light of lightning, the sound of thunder, and the feeling of the instantly cold body merged for Levin into one impression of horror.
'Oh, my God!
Oh, my God, not on them! 'He spoke.'
And while he immediately thought about how pointless his request that they not be killed by an oak that had already fallen now was, he repeated it, knowing that he could do nothing better than this senseless prayer.
When he ran to where they used to be, he didn't find them.
They were on the other side of the forest, under the old lip, and they called him.
Two figures in dark dresses (they used to be light), leaning over something.
It was Kitty and the nanny.
The rain had already stopped, and it began to shine when Levin came to them.
The nanny's dress was dry on the bottom, but Katya's dress was soaked and all over her.
Although it was no longer raining, they were still in the same position they were in when the storm broke out. Both stood over a green umbrella cart.
'Are you alive?'
The kisses?
Thank God! 'He spoke, smashing on unscathed water, knocking down the water, full of water with his shoe, and running towards them.'
Kitty's brown and wet face was turned towards him and smiled shyly from under the changed shape of the hat.
'Well, don't be ashamed!
I don't understand how you can be so careless! 'He attacked his wife with shame.'
'It's not my fault, for God's sake.
They just wanted to leave, and he was driving around.
I should've changed it.
We just...' started apologizing to Kitty.
Mitha was safe, dry and awake.
'Well, thank God!
I don't know what I'm saying!
They gathered wet diapers; the nanny took out the child and carried it.
Levin went near his wife, guilty of his shame, quietly by the nanny, shaking her hand.
In the course of the day, after a wide variety of conversations in which he had participated as only one external aspect of his mind, Levin, despite the disappointment in the change that should have taken place in him, continued to be happy to hear his heart full.
After the rain, it was too wet to walk; and even the thunderstorms did not come down from the horizon, and then there passed through here, greasy and black, on the edges of the sky.
The whole community spent the rest of the day at home.
There were no more disputes, but, on the contrary, after lunch, everyone was in the best position of spirit.
Katavasov made the ladies laugh at first with his original jokes, which were always so much liked when he first met him, but then, caused by Sergei Ivanovic, he gave a very interesting account of the difference in character and even the face of the females and males of the room flies and their lives.
Koznyshev too had the fun and the tea caused by his brother gave his view of the future of the eastern question, and it was so simple and good that everyone heard it.
Kitty was the only one who couldn't hear him,' she was asked to wash Mitya.
A few minutes after Kitty and Levin left, they called her to the nursery.
While leaving his tea and also regretting the interruption of an interesting conversation, while concerned about why he was called, as it happened only in important cases, Levin went to the nursery.
Although Sergei Ivanovich &apos; s unheard plan of how the released forty million Slavic world must begin a new era in history with Russia was very interesting to him as something completely new to him, despite his curiosity and concern about why he was called, disturbed him -- as soon as he was alone, leaving the living room, he immediately remembered his morning thoughts.
And all these considerations about the importance of the Slavic element in world history seemed so insignificant to him, compared to what was done in his soul, that he instantly forgot all this and went into the mood he was in this morning.
He did not remember now, as was the case first, the entire course of thought (it was not necessary for him to do so).
He immediately moved into the sense that guided him, which was connected to these thoughts, and found this feeling in his heart even stronger and more certain than ever before.
Now he was not at all at the time of the earlier thought - out calms, when it was necessary to restore the entire course of thought in order to find a feeling.
On the other hand, the sense of joy and tranquillity was aliveer than ever before, and the thought did not keep pace with the feeling.
He walked through the terrace and looked at the two stars on the dark sky and suddenly remembered, "Yes, looking at the sky, I thought that the vault I saw was not true, and yet I didn't think something I had hidden from myself," he thought. 'But whatever it is, there can be no objection.'
It's worth thinking, and it's all gonna come out!"
As he entered the nursery, he remembered what he had hidden from himself.
It was that if the main proof of God is his revelation that there is good, why is this revelation confined to one Christian church?
What does the beliefs of Buddhists, the Magometan, the confessors and the doers of good have to do with this revelation?
He felt that he had an answer to that question; but he had not yet had time to express it to himself, as he had already entered the nursery.
Kitty stood with her sleeves in the tub over her child, and when she heard her husband's steps, turning her face to him, she smiled at him.
With one hand, she kept under the head of a floating baby on her back and a curling knife, and she pressed her sponge at him evenly.
'Here you go, look, look! 'She said, when her husband came to her.' 'Agatha Mikhaylovna is right.
He'll find out.
The point was that Mitha had obviously recognized all of his people from this day forward.
As soon as Levin approached the bathtub, his experience was immediately presented to him, and his experience was quite successful.
The cook, deliberately called, leaned toward the child.
He frowned and had a bad head.
Kitty leaned toward him,' he smiled, sticking his hands in his sponge, and bolted his lips, making such a happy and strange sound that not only Kitty and the nanny, but Levin was suddenly admired.
The child was taken out of the bathtub on one hand, watered, sheeted, wiped, and after a piercing scream, the mother was served.
'Well, I'm glad you're starting to love him,' said Kitty to her husband after she and her baby sat down in their usual place. 'I am very pleased.
'Cause it's starting to upset me.
You said you didn't feel anything for him.
'No, didn't I say I didn't feel it?
I just said I was disappointed.
'What, is he disappointed in him?
'Not that I was disappointed in him, but in my sense; I waited more.'
I've been waiting for a new pleasant feeling to come out of me as a surprise.
And all of a sudden, it's disgusting, it's pathetic...
She listened carefully through the baby, putting on the thin fingers of the rings she took off to wash Mitya.
'And most importantly, there is much more fear and pity than pleasure.'
Now, after that fear during the storm, I realized how much I love him.
Kitty smiled.
'Are you very scared? 'She said.' 'And so am I, but I'm more scared now than ever.
I'm gonna go see the oak.
How sweet Katavasov is!
It's been so nice all day.
And you and Sergei Ivanich are so good when you want...
Well, go to them.
'Cause after the bath, it's always hot and steamy.
When Levin came out of the nursery and was left alone, he immediately remembered another thought in which something was not clear.
Instead of going into the living room from which the voices were heard, he stopped on the terrace and turned to the railing and looked at the sky.
It was already dark, and there was no cloud in the south he was looking at.
The clouds were on the opposite side.
There was lightning, and there was a distant thunder.
Levin listened to the drops falling evenly in the garden and looked at the triangle of the stars familiar to him and the Milky Way passing in the middle of him with its spread.
At every flash of lightning, not only the Milky Way, but also the bright stars disappeared, but as soon as the lightning went out, again, as if abandoned by some mark hand, appeared in the same places.
"Well, what's embarrassing me?" 'He said to himself, feeling forward that the resolution of his doubts, though he still does not know him, was ready in his soul.'
"Yeah, one obvious, unmistakable manifestation of deity is the laws of good that are revealed to the world by revelation, and which I feel in myself, and which in recognition of which I am not what I associate, but by will and will are connected to other people in the same society of believers, which is called a church.
Well, the Jews, the Magometans, the Confucians, the Buddhists -- what are they? 'He asked himself the very question that seemed dangerous to him.' 'Are these hundreds of millions of people deprived of the better good without which life makes no sense?' 'He thought, but immediately corrected himself. 'But what am I asking?' 'He said to himself. 'I ask about the attitude toward the deity of all the diverse beliefs of all mankind.
I'm asking about a common manifestation of God for the whole world with all these foggy spots.
What am I doing?
It is clear to me personally, to my heart, that knowledge cannot be understood by reason, and I persist in my mind and in my words to express that knowledge.
Don't I know the stars don't walk? 'He asked himself, looking at the bright planet that had changed its position to the higher branch of the birch.' 'But when I look at the motion of the stars, I cannot imagine the rotation of the earth, and I am right to say that the stars walk,
And could astronomers understand and figure out anything if they took into account all the complex and varied movements of the earth?
All of their amazing conclusions about the distances, weights, movements, and outrages of the celestial bodies are based only on the visible movement of light around a fixed earth, on the very movement that is now before me and that was so for millions of people over the centuries and that has been and will always be the same and can always be believed.
And just as the observances and the creeps would be the conclusions of astronomers, not based on the observations of the visible sky vis-à-vis one meridian and one horizon, so the observances would be also my conclusions, not based on the understanding of good, which has always been and will be the same for all, and which is revealed to me by Christianity and which can always be believed in my soul.
I have no power to judge between them."
'Oh, you didn't leave? 'Surely Kitty's voice went the same way into the living room. 'What, you're not upset? 'She said, looking carefully at the light of the stars in his face.
But she wouldn't have looked at his face if the lightning that hid the stars hadn't lit him again.
In light of lightning, she looked at his whole face, and when she saw that he was calm and happy, she smiled at him.
'She understands,' he thought,'she knows what I'm thinking.
Should I tell her or not?
Yeah, I'll tell her."
But the minute he wanted to start talking, she talked, too.
'Here's what, Kostya!
'Do me a favor,' she said, 'come to the corner and see how Sergei Ivanovich was arranged.
I'm embarrassed.
Did you put in a new washroom?
'Well, I will certainly go,' said Levin, getting up and kissing her.
"No, don't say it," he thought, when she went ahead of him. 'It is a secret, to me one that is necessary, important and inexcusable.
This new feeling didn't change me, it didn't make me happy, it didn't enlighten me all of a sudden, as I dreamed -- just like I felt for my son.
There was no surprise either.
And faith -- not faith -- I don't know what it is, but it's just as painful and deeply embedded in the soul.
I will also be angry with Ivan the coachman, I will also argue, I will not speak my thoughts properly, there will also be a wall between the holy ones of my soul and others, even my wife, and I will blame her for my fear and regret for it, and I will not understand in my mind why I pray, and I will pray, but my life now, my whole life, no matter what happens to me, every minute of it -- not only is not pointless as it was before, but has a clear meaning of the good that I have invested in it!"