Kids can get almost anything in the yard as long as they can afford it.
Kids love peanut butter sandwiches.
And the kids will always be able to get these sweet buns.
It doesn't matter how many children have been punished.
Kids can't play anywhere they want, because the yard is divided between gangs in the territory.
Kids will always fight, right?
Well, I mean kids, first of all...
I've been thinking about the kids.
I mean, I know I want to talk to the kids, but I don't know... which one.
Please tell the kids it's not about them.
I think he's just a kid.
Derek's recruiting kids who can be helped, they all have weaknesses, and they're all being bullied.
They're all invisibles in school, not popular kids.
The other kids, too.
He's really... like a kid.
I don't think I'm gonna have kids anymore.
It will be extremely difficult to bear a child.
Now or about me and my baby?
What do you mean... then why don't you show me this baby?
Joo Wol... why am I interested in this kid?
This kid...
to get this kid.
Call everyone along with the kids.
Give us the baby.
Take the baby away from him.
And the neighbor's baby, too?
saving a child isn't gonna solve the problem.
Did he take the baby with him?
But you don't want to profit from the kids.
You're going to karate school to pick up your kid.
Our kids are almost the same. See?
When we were kids, I liked to jump out of the corner, and one day...
Watching your kid try to be brave...
Kids? I was gonna say Taco Bell.
I'm a tiny... I'm like a child.
♪ Or having a baby ♪
♪ The size of a baby's head ♪
♪ They're basically meant to feed the baby ♪
Last-model SUV, full of junk, rear monitors so the kids can watch cartoons.
Protection from children....................................... Dude, you got child protection on?
He's good, too much like a model, the perfect face, I can picture our kids with him, but I just don't feel anything.
I'm married and I have a baby.
You want kids?
Surrendering the child to his parents
Model heartbeat of a model child.
He doesn't look like a model kid when he rolls the flap at three o'clock in the morning.
She said she couldn't take sick kids.
I need this to happen on Sunday from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. while the kids are at school and Marcus is at the docks.
Rohampton helps many of the children affected by the thalidomid.
I just want to give her everything else my kids have, Dr Turner.
Everything every child has to have.
I prescribed a drug that completely deprived this child of limbs.
There are children here with other problems, but... the fisherman sees from afar.
The baby will be here by then. Black curly cop and stuff.
I'll be honest, you'll be amazed how quickly kids get used to all the devices.
Can children really walk on these feet?
They help children learn to keep their balance.
- Other kids?
The baby was hit by a car.
Kids... crippled by these pills.
At the moment, we believe that at least 30 children have all four limbs.
Is that the biggest of your kids, Carrie?
They don't let kids in on Sundays.
The other kids teased us there.
They had to run away from other children because they called them.
I don't think this marriage could last long. It didn't last, but they're divorcing their wife, not their baby.
No one knew then that those pills could hurt the baby.
They can't hurt a child after the eighth week of pregnancy, you know that?
The drug was licensed in Germany in 1956, and the first children with injuries were born in 1957.
Kids were born with no hands, no legs, no nose, no eyes, and that's just the ones who survived.
Because I have no idea how I'm gonna lift this kid alone.
I could accept the fact that he has a child.
With the last contraction, the baby's head appeared, Vera.
The parents of the children, maimed by the Taliban, did not expect anything, but they sought justice for more than 50 years.
Their battle is still going on, their dignity determines it, and their anger and love give them strength because children must be loved.
I meant kids, not basketball, of course.
As my dad says, children, the old and the weak need to sleep during the day.
Like our wedding, our kids, our house, our Halloween couples costumes.
You suddenly become a child, an old man or a weakling?
And in that moment, I realized that my father never wanted children.
You're saying your dad didn't want any kids.
But at least you've seen your father, and that's more than your kids have.
I've been supporting you for years before you had kids.
Your father has nothing to brag about in his life, because he's kicked his kids off, and you're doing the same thing.
Our kids are your job.
You're not taking the kids to Philadelphia.
I mean, I'm not sure it's Sean's baby.
I don't think it matters if he's a kid or not, but Sean is.
If you... if you know it's Sean's baby, and if you want it to be Sean, it is.
And now everyone knows I'm letting you see the kids?
Kids are all I have, okay? Everything fucking there is! Sarah!
You can make the kids.
That I'm letting him see the kids?
Just the kids.
Okay, well, I suspect it's not good for the kids.
Your kids miss you, and I've changed.
I wanted to have a baby with him.
We wanted to have a baby.
You begged me to have a baby!
In Millbrook, children of 9 years of age received L — D.
You can't keep a baby like that!
But you can't spoil kids.
But the witches were considered to be Satan's children born out of wedlock, for which reason they were burned on fire.
Or did you forget about the son of the Painter-- your child-- that now alone in the whole world, without family and without you-- your mother-in-law?"
For centuries, some 8 million women, men, the elderly, and children were burned on charges of witchcraft.
"Nana" Marsh, who babysit John when he was a kid and now, from time to time, help with the household.
"Oh, my God, calm the baby down!"
"Can the baby change his socks?
Dear Nana, I'm glad to report that I feel almost all right again, even though I miss John and the kids.
The baby's starving.
Please give me a little, my baby's starving.
Save the baby!
"What a child! How I deserve such punishment!"
"I love my children!
Where'd that kid go?
I don't believe Duke Red has children.
Wasn't the kid he lost a girl?
His wife came back... with the baby.
You're just a kid.
Poor kid! What did he do to you?
It's Anna's baby!
It's kind of a good day to kidnap kids.
Look, I'm a child-snatcher.
You don't look like a child kidnapper.
So, my children, we need another sailor to go to Banneck.
"Well, children, let's go, let's go!"
"Kids, who's gonna lend me one brand?"
Don't fall behind. Listen, kids.
Wives, children, work. What about us?
I'm still a kid to you.
The kids thought I was a coward because I said... we found out here that our duty to our homeland wasn't worth our death.
And again, maybe, because sometimes you look like a child.
You're acting like a little kid.
Someday we'll come back with our children.
To be a little kid again, the courage of Edie...
You're all my children.
I have five kids at home.
The life of many women, the elderly, the children depends on your sacrifice and on everyone's recognized courage.
Do you realize that no child has survived? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
Out of the way, kids.
Oh, well, I've had a few troubles like all the kids, even the best.
Thank you for your concern for this child.
Money shouldn't be kept in children's homes.
Kids are already complaining about hunger.
They're soldiers' children.
The children are so mild-hearted that your sheep
I never would have sent my kids to boarding school.
I'm trying to be a friend to kids.
The purpose of our education is to awaken ambition in children.
I have no reason to punish children, they listen to me and learn well.
But the kids have to trust us.
"He wanted to return to his native Canaan with the wives of Rachel and Leah and the children."
- Stupid kid.
You can't even imagine how beautiful it is to live for you kids.
Well, kids... - It's a lovely Sunday, isn't it? - Yeah, very much.
- Goodbye, children.
Kids who lie and secretly send letters can't play school theater.
Your parents didn't have to grieve for an ungrateful child.
- Good evening, children.
Kids, listen up! Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.
The kids were playing out of the blue today. - That was so sweet!
The kids are very lucky to be here under your guidance.
Tell the kids to be quiet?
That kid doesn't belong in our school.
My dear, you're not gonna risk your position for this kid, are you?
Manuela should be among the children.
What a beautiful view - so many happy children
Goodbye, children.
I'm close to these kids.
In such cases, we write a letter to the child's mother.
I can't watch you turn these girls into scared, helpless children anymore.
What are the kids doing here?
The children prevented a tragedy that we both would regret for the rest of our lives.
Like kids!
It's like kids!
Are you capable of doing this to an innocent child?
- Do you have children?
- More than that, she's got a kid.
- The baby? - My husband went to Europe for treatment.
Neither her nor her child was home the whole time. And no one knows when she'll be back.
If you and your friend try to stop me, I'll take the case to court, and you'll find out who's worth raising.
Don't worry, I've got a baby myself.
A woman who leads such a lifestyle does not have the right to raise a child.
She's got a kid, too.
No, this time it's a woman with a baby, but she gave us the heat, I have to admit.
She's leading a life that's not fit for a little kid.
Is that your baby?
And tell my husband I'm not giving up the baby because he's stalking me, but because he's not worthy of being a mother.
I can't do anything but give up the baby before it's too late.
How are the kids?
The baby was born, boy.
Parents resist when they have to give up their daughter, Corbett, the only child.
She's just a kid.
I'm not a kid.
I'm the father of her child.
Because the baby's dead.
He's sending us to bed every night like we're naughty kids.
Charming kids.
Hey, kids are coming today.
And then we'll pick up the kids from the station.
I'm at the children's station.
Yeah, weird kid.
I think it's too late for the baby to be born.
But he's not such a bad kid at all.
No worse than any other child.
Insult me in front of the children!
Children are so unhappy that they kill themselves.
It's just for poor kids.
That's how much my children respect me!
And to what do I deserve such a child?
Leave the baby alone!
I told you to leave this kid alone.
With this spoiled kid?
That people shouldn't have children if they're not able to love them.
"Dear children, we are gathered here under the eyes of our Father to unite this man and this woman in a happy marriage.
Having a baby is a nightmare, isn't it?
Kids, kids, calm down!
Hello, Mr Gilmore.
It's like I'm a kid again.
- But you have a baby.
It'll even be fun to take care of the baby.
You're always so sweet to the baby, Bob.
She shouldn't have hurt our child.
She took another name and doesn't even let the baby walk.
She loves the kids and he's gonna love it here with her little girl.
I mean, it doesn't matter what you do, but I don't think it's fair to get a little kid involved.
Ruth has a sister with a little baby.
They can take care of both children. They're great respectable people.
Message from Robert Kirkwood. Kidnapped by Kirkwood's lawyer, five and a half years old.
The third day of searching for the missing child didn't produce any results.
What would I do if the baby started crying?
Kirkwood's baby is still missing.
It's a live baby.
Guys... Kirkwood's kid is on the fourth floor.
You sound like a kid.
Make up a beautiful name for your baby.
Here are three children eating a piece of bread soaked in water.
It seems the teacher is forcing the children to eat in his presence, fearing that as soon as the children come home, their parents will immediately take away their food.
Children are called to school.
These barefoots, in rags, children receive the same education as any other child in the world who attends primary school.
Here they teach these hungry children, like everywhere, that the sum of the triangle angles is equal to the sum of the two straight angles.
In some villages of Las Hurdes, most children are pilus (orphans).
They take care of these kids for 15 pesetas a month.
You can't tell me he's got a wife and three kids.
- Think of your wife and kids.
What happens to me and the baby if something happens to you?
After a decade and two insufferable children? How can you?
Mom! - Oh, kids.
Not very courteous of the twentieth century: children can't sleep.
Oh, Joe, you're a terrible kid.
Oh, George, why don't you take the kids downstairs?
Yeah, I guess it's okay for me to spend some time with the kids, distract them while you get back.
You are children, you have no idea how battles take place!
- Kids, don't be annoying.
All right, kids, stand perfectly still, pay attention to your father.
However, it may give me some respect in the eyes of your children.
The baby's a natural dancer, if you want my opinion.
Do you have children, Annie?
You were a bad kid.
You're still a kid, but you're already grown up for war.
God is prejudiced, too rude to impose on children.
I have a baby, but I don't have a wife.
Children don't need parents.
Every four-year-old will understand that.
Find a 4-year-old child.
Kids? I'm not rich, but we could have a little family.
And he made it because he likes to make shapes of children.
Come on, you woke the kid up right now, and he's got a headache.
Oh, you're just kids.
But you're happy kids.
It's a conspiracy against our child.
Philip, don't make the baby cry!
Poor kid!
The child is totally indifferent to education.
Ooh! You're like a child.
Topaz, you're acting like a child.
But, my dear children, I deeply regret to tell you that, unlike everything you've been taught here, honesty in this outside world is not always rewarded.
I've got two kids myself who can live in the same skanks right now.
We're kids.
- He sure likes kids.
He found out I had a baby.
When I was a child in my mother's arms, I could wake up crying.
You have a little bit of a confession, just like a kid, and you want it to be your way.
Look, this kid can dance.
Look, this kid has a talent.
It's okay, kids.
Kids, kids!
These kids are in a hurry.
You'll see local children, life.
Didn't we deal with him like a kid, huh?
- You're as helpless as a child.
I'm married, I have a couple of kids.
Got a couple of kids, huh?
You know what happened to his kid?
God, I don't want anything to happen to my kids.
My aunt, my brother's mom, four kids... and I saw them riding on their backs.
Women and children forward, boys.
Kids, I want to talk to Chris.
You're worse than a child.
You'd love it if our kids were killers.
You know, you're wrong to think all your kids are gonna be killers.
According to their findings, and they're pretty convincing, only one of your four kids is gonna be a murderer.
So you only have three kids.
I'm not gonna get married, and I'm not gonna have kids.
He wanted to know how I was and how kids were.
I'm not interested in kids.
Children and the military for half the price. Come in, ladies and gentlemen!
The show's about to start. Children and the military are the entrance... for half the price.
I have to think about my wife and kids.
"Children, I once had to communicate... with this gentleman..."
Kids come together fast.
The kids are so beautiful.
Eat the three of you, children!
Sounds stupid, but I'd like to be a kid again.
My children are still waiting for you.
I couldn't think of anything but my baby.
Take care of my children.
Why do you have to think about this kid?
You can't even keep track of your own children.
I used to think I'd even kill myself and the kids.
If you had kids, you'd understand.
So you're gonna take care of my kids?
I'm gonna leave before my kids get back.
What have you got for the kids?
- Our child will have to live in poverty.
- Just a spoiled kid.
You know, you're a funny kid.
You look like a child here, not the girl I met on the ship.
Yeah, but we don't have enough evidence to convince a mentally retarded child.
It's Connie Allenbury, the life-burner, the spoiled brainless kid!
My mother had two children from her first marriage.
We're gonna want a house, kids.
Now you don't want a husband, a house, kids, and then it'll be too late.
Such honest, talented and wise in one, and unreasonable children in the other.
You're not gonna blame the baby for stolen sweets left unattended in the room, are you?
But when I was accepted into your family, I was just a kid.
- What's going on here? - Those horrible kids, I see them upstairs.
Not now, but when I was a kid.
I wanted him to grow up to be a decent man. What future awaits these children?
You're just a kid!
There are other children. They have to be protected, too.
You were just a kid.
I don't know if Jim told you we had a baby.
I don't know where my baby is.
I want my baby back, don't you understand?
I didn't know Haley had a baby.
You've burned yourself, Mrs. Goldberg is going to have a baby, old man Flaherty without a job for over a month.
It's a place where children are sheltered.
Are you the mother of a child?
I believe this man told you that we don't have a child named Hayley.
With the baby?
He was afraid I'd go to the police and take the baby away so I wouldn't say anything.
He died without telling me where the baby was.
And you've been looking for a baby all this time?
But it won't stop me from picking up the baby?
But I recognize my child.
One of them could be my baby.
Look, this kid means a lot to me.
I wouldn't think about it if I were you, maybe I'm the last chance to find your baby.
Because if anyone finds out, you'll never see your baby.
And I came to tell you, I found your baby.
Before you lost the baby, you bought her something, didn't you?
If he dies, I'll never find my baby!
If he dies, I'll never see my baby again!
I wish I could see you find this child.
I understand you're not saying where the baby is.
Do you really know where the baby is?
How's Anita and the baby doing?
Except Rhoda's not a kid anymore.
It's good to live with your kids.
How are the kids?
And you say, live well with your children?
In general, I have good kids, I'm proud of them.
You know, sometimes I think kids shouldn't grow older when you have to put them to bed every night.
When they grow up and you can't give them as much as other kids get, they're ashamed of you.
And the kids are gonna get pissed off.
- She's my baby, not yours.
You raised five children yourself.
I don't want anything more than you kids to see healthy and happy.
You've always been my favorite child.
We're having lunch with the kids.
I hope the kids haven't lost us.
I had kids.
- But the kids...
The kids are waiting, and Nellie was cooking dinner.
Wouldn't you look at her and think she's the mother of five kids?
- How many kids do you have?
- I bet you don't have kids.
I don't know what happened to the kids.
So, kids, come with me. I'll show you everything.
Kids, I can't explain anything to you right now. I'm sure if the police catch us, it's all over.
I'm not gonna let a chicken or a baby in the dark.
- Why? You're like a child.
It's just a kid.
He'll be back, he's not a kid.
Come on, kids.
Kids, you'll all come back to your desks, please.
Kids, you're free to go.
I'm letting the kids go.
Most of them are golden children, and this is the last day of the semester.
There must be kids in the house.
And the table? What a sloppy kid!
Where are those kids?
Poor, poor kid.
All right, kids, let's go to the cave!
Kids, don't go too far from the entrance.
Hurry up, kids!
I listened to the children sing, and I remembered how we sang 20 years ago.
What are you doing with my baby?
- What are you doing with the baby? - Hold him.
Outside the center, the children will also see the vile corruption, the crimes, and the criminals.
You mean kids and stuff?
This is gonna be our baby.
I have children myself.
And the kids are afraid of him.
You can't yell at kids.
Children are very vulnerable.
Believe me, Mr. Lemel. Screaming is a bad way to raise children.
Are the kids afraid of me?
Kids are so fragile.
In a decent boarding school, children who do not sleep at night are punished.
Don't deprive the children of lemonade.
Keep an eye on the kids.
I would never hurt a child.
- What else, a kid or a gunfight?
- The baby!
- Mr. Mayor, I'm sorry, but I have a wife and children.
And this is John Holliday, the young doctor, all night long sitting with sick kids?
You're just a kid.
She gave birth to a child from you.
My baby, ma'am?
You're acting like white jackass kids!
You'll marry a fool who can only say yes and no and have children like that!
I heard Mrs. Wilkes is expecting a baby.
She shouldn't have had a baby.
It's not my baby.
Scarlett, we're in charge of his baby.
And your baby!
Child.
I'm not leaving soldiers for the baby.
Having a baby isn't that hard.
I don't know anything about taking kids!
Will you go with a sick woman, a child and a black girl?
Stop and take the baby!
We need milk for the baby, and we don't know what's waiting for us at home.
What do we do? What's to feed the sick and the baby?
I can't watch the sick and the baby!
It's good to see the kids again.
Dr. Meade said she couldn't have children.
Do you think I can leave Melanie with the baby?
I have the right to see the baby.
It's lucky when the kids are born.
The most beautiful child in the world.
Most babies are born with blue eyes.
He knows everything about the kids.
You gave birth to a child.
I don't want to have kids anymore.
My kitty, I already told you I don't care if we have one kid or twenty.
Melanie can't have children, and he...
Think of the baby.
I think there's a lot of good in a man who loves kids so much.
You're not taking my baby out of this house.
But it's my baby, too.
I didn't let you leave the baby in the dark.
Children are often afraid of the dark, but they must cope with their fear.
A child needs a mother, even a bad one.
Because I'm expecting a baby.
What kind of woman would want to have a baby with such a bastard.
She didn't want this baby.
You didn't want a baby?
He doesn't want kids from me.
She said she didn't want kids.
I didn't know about the baby until I got here.
Scarlett's gonna be okay, and you're gonna have kids.
She won't be able to have children anymore.
The children are the sequel to life, Captain Butler.
She said, "Give me the baby you killed."
He won't let us bury the baby.
And tell your children how the great century ended.
You're as innocent as a child... as a little child...
They're too expensive to be a toy for two kids.
I see a family picture: knitting, slippers, and lots of kids.
Even the child will understand.
You want to have kids?
But he's like a kid.
Stupid as kids.
You see, brother, I have a wife and five children...
Screaming like a baby crying.
Child.
Me too. Maybe I'm taking too much on myself, but... I looked at you and the baby with someone else's baby.
Okay, it was nice holding the baby.
Although the last child is always the most beautiful.
Why? Where were you yesterday when Ice came with the baby, Gatewood?
I don't want to interfere, but I have five kids.
But I can't leave Mrs. Melory and the baby.
The only question is, what are we gonna do with the woman and the baby?
Look, I'm gonna take Mrs. Melory's baby half the ticket, huh?
Where's the baby, sweetheart?
I'll take the baby.
If our kids find out...
