He left the poor poor girl who had to go to the cleaners... to sell himself into slavery to raise a child.
We need to get the kid to school. I'm late.
And have more kids.
I'm not a kid.
Where's your baby?
I had to rehearse and pick up the kid from school.
Never have to argue with a child...
Kids fall asleep instantly, but how much time they take...
- Kids don't have to be.
I love it, of course, but having a baby is very serious.
Kids usually happen by accident.
But only the child they've been waiting for is truly happy.
He couldn't bear the thought... that he couldn't give his baby the best.
If you have a baby, it's for life.
I love kids.
It's hard for a woman to raise a child alone.
Roland, we're not kids.
Never have to argue with the kids.
What are you going to do with this baby?
Sinetsu, take the baby and leave it somewhere.
Six people, including a child.
The baby?
I hope she doesn't believe the baby's her own.
What would you do with this baby?
Children are the treasures of the nation.
Do you like kids?
Should we have children?
I'd like to have children.
Please let us have one baby.
What will you do if the child is born deaf?
I'm sure our baby will hear.
One child, even people, how can we... grow up as well as normal people.
I'm going to have a baby.
Having a baby isn't right.
Before you got married, you didn't promise... not to have a baby?
Don't give up the baby.
Even normal parents have a hard time raising normal children.
Don't give birth to a baby.
...to have a baby.
Can I have a baby?
The baby's ears?
Baby!
Mom, what happened to the baby's ears?
I killed my baby.
We can have another baby.
Isn't the baby here yet?
Yeah, we're gonna have a baby in the fall of this year.
You must have a strong, healthy baby.
We can't make ends meet when you're working alone, not after we have a baby.
You must have milk to feed the baby.
It's safer for the baby, too.
I'm gonna have a baby, Mom.
When he gets older, the kids are gonna tease him... 'cause his parents are deaf?
When our first child died, I wanted to die, too.
Mom, it's a shame I never had a baby.
How nice it would be if children never grew up.
I don't like kids who complain about food.
He often fights with children in this neighborhood.
How am I supposed to raise a child like Ichiro?
She took the baby in the air raids.
What happened to the baby?
You brought home a turtle for the baby, but it's gone.
Kids, don't take any time.
Come on, kids, don't be too late.
[ Perdy] Shh, kids.
Kids, don't make noise.
Kids, move.
- Kids, please don't fight.
He's not a kid anymore.
You're not a kid.
Your kids have grown up, haven't they?
If they were my kids, I'd be wash their sides.
Now these kids are always right.
Old people, like kids, change fast.
Kids left in the middle of nowhere.
Kids, stay back!
Kids! Quiet!
Come on, kids, let's get out of here!
I've got two kids on my hump.
Mrs. Ishii, your children are very disobedient.
They're still kids.
I'm not worried about the kids.
My kids are waiting for me. - Forget about the kids!
There's nothing for kids to do here.
The baby died.
They're responsible for the death of the child.
I'll tell you, Osama, your baby.
The girls and the kids need to figure this out.
My beloved master, with whom I played as a child, is now busy with other women.
Like lost kids in the woods at night.
Am I really little, or did the disease make me a child?
If you had a normal wife who gave birth to children... would bring you coffee to bed...
♪ I'm waiting for the baby ♪
Hey, kids.
The birth of a child is not beyond the mountains."
- It worked for Sheri's baby.
For example, "the birth of a child"
I want a baby.
You know, if we had a kid, we'd get married right away.
- I want a baby.
I want a baby in 24 hours.
- I want a baby. - I...
What about the baby?
- That I want a baby.
Will you make a baby for the missus here?
When I asked you for a baby.
"Send me 10 francs, and I'll predict your baby's pop.
- I want a baby.
I want a baby.
I want a baby.
Is it stupid to want to have a baby?
I want a baby.
Do you want to sleep with Mademoiselle to give her a baby?
- You're gonna make me a baby and...
You have to take care of this kid.
It's too much to sit here and the kids get pissed off.
Do you have any other children?
Damn baby!
When you're looking for an assassin, you have to act quickly... especially when children are around... you have to block the moves quickly.
Just Charles, my sister Nan, and the other kids.
Other kids?
Why are you and all these kids... why are you helping me?
You see, people... all the time, babies are born.
And the kids who steal church goods?
Can you see the other kids?
- Who's the kid?
It's just a kid.
Listen to me... you're good kids. And it's gonna be okay.
- There's a lot of other kids out there.
Today's kids are crazy.
And it's not just the kids.
Murder of a spouse, children or close relatives, committed in a state of passion against the honour of the perpetrator, shall be punishable by 3 to 7 years &apos; imprisonment.
Oh, you poor girl, he's married, he's got three kids!
Ferdinando is married, he has three children.
"The murder of a spouse, children or relatives, "did in a state of passion for insult..."
An irresponsible, alcoholic, a woman's man. He must have a lot of debts and illegitimate children.
Her kids weren't in court because of their young age, but he showed them pictures.
Maybe because in Italy, children...
Well, kids are always kids.
It's not a baby anymore.
Then you shouldn't have worked as a kid.
To die as a child is bad luck.
- Yeah, the kids found them on the wall.
I have a husband, children.
I haven't seen you in a while... - Take the baby.
Someone stabbed his wife, six kids, then killed himself.
Goodbye, Stanka, with God, children!
What time is it, kids?
You know, I'm scared for the kids.
You sent us to Melenian for the summer, Father. There's good air, kids on vacation.
And you told the kids Mom ate rabid meat.
May the Queen, by her power, punish all good children.
Kidnapper!
Taking orders to kidnap naughty kids. The price of the bag is paid by the employer.
I sentence these children and all the other villagers to be enchanted by my mighty, evil power!
Oh, my God, these kids are so hard on you!
You ate so many kids and even their parents. ...but I couldn't eat the monsters, and that's another thing you've lost your appetite for, and that's why you're here.
Hello, children! You must be very tired coming here.
They're the naughty kids!
First, women and children.
Also, children must always respect and obey the elders.
This Kid Kidnapper is an idiot!
Oh, there's a lot of kids here!
How many children did he kidnap?
They're kids who didn't listen to their moms and dads!
Kidnapper!
You treat her like a child of your own.
Take your time, children.................................................................................................
We owe this victory to you too, dear children!
Is she expecting a baby?
What a child!
I left a child without a heart, without a face, blind and deaf, lying naked somewhere out there in a void...
The films you're making are only good for 8-year-olds... if they're going to the movies.
- Someday our children...
- Our children have no rights other than the right to be spoiled.
Without face and heart, child abandoned by me in a huge house, after the horrors of... hunger,
I know because I can read it on your faces. Stay strong, my children.
Let me run the black governor and the black doctors take your kids?
Your boy and the rest of the kids have to go to school. It's the most important thing!
- And no kids?
Don't be a kid.
- I went out with the engineer's kids. - Oh, right?
Right, but even the kids look old.
Son of a bitch!"
How could you bring a child into my house?
I want you to stop treating me like a child.
It's funny being a kid, but...
- It's like when I was a kid.
Barravento. Barravento killed a lot of old people and kids.
The old man didn't have children. He was always afraid of getting married.
Fairy tales for the kids!
I'm just a kid! I'm a kid!
I'm a kid! Baby!
Soraya, don't be a kid.
I was having fun looking at cars and people coming out of the tram and the kids and the girls.
I'm not, like, a kid.
What happened when I was a kid?
Children. The kids just broke up.
Motome was a 15-year-old handsome boy, and my daughter, Miho, was an angel's 11-year-old child.
You know, I've never imagined any of us as gifted military honors, but so far we've done well by raising our children.
She's always been a fragile kid, and hard work has been a burden for her... her weak body hasn't been able to handle this hard work.
A dying wife, an innocent sick child who needs the help of a doctor.
And he doesn't have a wife or seven children.
There are women and children here.
It's easy for you to carry your children.
Children.
Kids?
The only thing you're gonna have to think about is the kids.
If you're Zeba's children, I am.
- Hey, kids, what are you doing there?
Stop the kids!
My children, ever since I promised a reward for any information about your father, people with notes and bottles appear one after the other.
Taking advantage of children is your profession? Isn't that right?
Kids, I want to tell you something.
Oh, my children, I'm so sorry it ended this way.
Parents bring their children there to show the landing planes.
That's Sunday, the kid whose story we were supposed to tell-- the frozen sun, the way it stands on the edge of the lookout, and the face of the woman.
Real kids.
Once again, the main site in Orley, midday of this warm pre-war Sunday, where he wasn't allowed to stay, he couldn't really figure out if he was a child, too, he was supposed to be there, looking at planes.
And that's the moment he's only got, and he's watching him as a kid.
You're taking the kids with you?
It's for the kids.
I don't have children; no boys, no tall little girls.
You see, Lolita's a nice kid, but the beginning of maturation seems to be going through with certain difficulties.
She loves dogs and kids.
Alaska, the best place for kids.
When you're done, Dad, I hope you'll let me call you that, go outside, I'll show you what I'm doing for the baby.
I'll have his baby in three months.
As a child, I was told that I was the only one who survived the crash of the spaceship on Mars.
If I had a kid, I'd take him to the hospital.
My kids at her age would know!
I'll just be a minute, baby.
It's hard to handle kids for a long time.
Put the baby down.
I fully agree with all modern social scientists that there is no more sacred duty in life than constant communication between parents and their children.
Well, you're not gonna give a kid a loan for her pocket money, are you?
- You mean for the kids?
Oh, Rod, you're saying that people might think you don't love your kids.
We're losing our kids, and you know whose fault it is?
We don't have a close relationship with our children.
Have you noticed how pale the kids are in this last photo?
It's too much, with a whole bunch of kids in addition.
She only has two children.
Your dad's crazy about kids.
- the whole family to live and play - we show our children that the family really exists, that family members aren't strangers at all, like passengers on a bus, and one whole is one for all and one for each other.
- Mom, can you get control of this kid?
There hasn't been a child raised properly in the history of the world.
Kids, wait a minute.
Danny, don't be a kid.
Kids, come on. - We'll get the luggage from the car.
What's up, kids?
- Yeah, yeah. And the kids.
- What's with the others? Our two older daughters with their children.
- What kind of dancer is she? - She's just a big kid.
I asked the kids if they wanted to tan on the beach, and then... and... and... and...
Oh, we shouldn't meet so rarely, kids.
- Poor kid.
We're gonna have another baby right away.
Psychologists agree that children with little difference at the age of... promise, strangely enough, at least intra-family differences.
Someone has to put this kid in place if he's out of his way.
We don't think children need to say no.
If you think you know more than a man who's devoted his whole life to child psychology, why don't you take care of raising a child yourself?
- I'm not a child!
One kid's gonna be blind watching actors shoot at each other all the time.
Children become adults and live their lives.
- I mean communication with children.
Let the children communicate with us for a change.
Goodbye, children.
You just don't know what it's like to be out of work for so long... with your wife and the two little kids you have to take care of.
- You're just a kid.
- Don't, don't! - You're a child!
Kids were supposed to load things.
I need to know that there are other people like us, like our children.
I see no difference between my own children.
He refused to baptize his children.
Surely, if the worst had happened, he would have sacrificed me for this child.
Ever since the baby came into the house, Anna has been reborn.
She even made up with Teresa to spend more time with the baby.
Behave yourself, children.
She sent my picture to the Beautiful Child pageant and won five dollars for me.
And your children need time.
You have children yourself.
What are you gonna do this morning when both kids are at school?
Come on, kids.
The kids weren't there.
And I said, "Miss Mayella, where are the kids?"
With Mr. Ewell and seven kids in the house?
Look at the kids, Modi.
Someone was chasing my kids.
He won't bother these kids anymore.
Thank you for my children.
I went out with the kids, bought them ice cream.
Tonight, three weeks later, he didn't come back... and I did everything myself-- kids, mother-in-law who didn't help because she hated me. He didn't come back at all.
It usually happens on the day of the check-up. They spend the day with their children, most often in the village where they hang.
Okay, kids. Thank you.
And kids, you can tell moms: every one of these really big, beautiful dolls is a copy of your favorite baby Jane Hudson!
Elvira, you didn't know her when she was a kid.
Don't burden your children!
A child will come and give us comfort! contemptible and rejected?
Did the baby fall asleep?
And for the baby!
For the baby!
One day I asked the child: Why is the sea salty? Answered without wondering:
- And your baby?
My baby!
- Your baby!
Here are my children! They fight and turn into demons...
If no one else believes... who doesn't protect his children?
Lots of healthy and wonderful kids.
You want a lot of kids, don't you, Anto?
I want healthy kids, not dogs fighting in the night!
- You can marry, my children.
No, my children, you can't come in yet.
Now the kids can come in.
I saw Martha. She was fragile and childlike.
- The baby!
Taking advantage of my weakness, Martha dragged me into a dirty business. I turned out to be her accomplice in an attempt to save a Jewish child.
- Nope. - The Jewish kid your team was hiding in camp.
I said I heard the baby crying in the wheelchair, and she brought the doll!
- You treat us like children.
The children of my civilization would be insulted.
- You're very sentimental right now and you're acting like a kid.
and children...........................................
Go to bed, children!
- Any kids?
Isn't he the best kid in the world?
He likes to act like a kid, but he's not really that simple.
No, I was a very good kid at the dawn of my life.
What a lovely kid.
Hmm, kids...
You don't have a wife or children.
You're starting to act like a child!
She made me swear to the kids that I'd quit.
So far, I've lived like a obedient child.
The baby...
Stop treating me like a child!
Give me the money now! Why don't you shut up and leave the baby alone.
Get the baby out of here.
Civil and educational gesture, especially for children...
Wife and two kids.
I have a picture of my kids.
They also have... families, wives and children.
You and your children, if you leave the fight!
I was a kid then.
They give birth to children, they do business, they write books.
I have seven kids from her.
Until he realizes he has grown-ups and it's time for them to love.
He died 20 years ago, she was just a kid...
Are you sure she's not a kid now?
Clarissa, don't be a kid.
You have children yourself...
- The young lady is no longer a child.
Not me, my wife, the mother of my children.
- Take it! When a woman is pregnant, she will not be arrested until the child is six months old.
Kids are a great thing. The one with the kids, the one with the vision. - Too bad we don't have kids.
No, there's something about kids. You know what the most beautiful thing in the world is? A man comes home and his wife says, "We're having a baby."
"If you have 15 kids like me, what are you gonna live on?"
When the baby's born, I'm gonna get some rest...
The baby was born on October 28.
- Another kid?
Seven kids make so much noise you can't sleep at night.
If that's the case, who's gonna feed our kids?
- You don't want any more kids?
Another kid!
I'm gonna write him a prescription, make him a nutritional diet. You'll see, next year you'll have a baby.
- He's with his mother's kids.
Kids!
This one's for mothers and kids.
- Here's the underwear for the baby.
The children are healthy, I love her, and I wrote to Rome about a pardon.
- Are you happy to be back with the kids?
- I'm just gonna pack up and get the kids!
- How did the kids take the news?
Priests in America always have a lot of kids.
A piece of useless land with runaway goats... and kids playing marble on the trails...
- For not letting kids on the weed?
She's having a baby.
The baby?
- You want our baby to be legitimate.
Yeah, because it's not our baby, you're not his father.
Work for nothing? I love kids.
And she loves kids.
Children should not think about what their parents should or should not do.
Dad has to make a difference for the baby.
Someone had to explain to the kids why there was nothing to eat at home.
It's for those who can send their child to the doctor, even if he just choked on the pretzel.
They say having children is a joy for the poor.
For old people, coffee, for kids, lemonade.
When you can't afford to keep your kids.
There were others who could afford and could have children because they had men to rely on.
Just like the kids. A bunch of kids.
The baby adds weight while he sleeps, doesn't it?
You've spent your whole life trying to teach kids. Planting the seeds of knowledge...
The ones you want, the baby.
I have little kids in the house.
I'm coming. My youngest child is sick.
He lived his life teaching children.
Yeah, the baby?
Come on, baby.
I'll tell you later, baby.
Of course I will, baby.
You're still a little kid.
After all, you're like your own children to me.
Don't act like a little kid, okay?
It's like a baby.
I don't have children.
Who says I don't have children?
In this building, all my children
Nothing can be too much for my kids.
You're the first girl in my life I want to ask to be the mother of my children.
I was a gifted child...
Kids don't look like me...
At least the kids have to see Budapest, anyway.
Have fun, kids.
You should at least have kids.
Hey, you kids, screaming with contempt, rage and hate.
Listen to me, you kids screaming "Long live freedom!"
These are our mothers, our children and grandchildren, our old parents, the same figures.
Someone needs to think about thousands of black, black, black-eyed children.
But you continued to be a child, just as foolish as in ancient times, as cruel as in the future, and between you and your beauty, in your power, a stupid and cruel future is fading.
Ah, children!
- What am I, a child?
Married, two kids, a hobby, golf.
We're gonna show this bastard that they can't breathe our white air... and go to school with our white kids.
It's their model, the birth of lynching... a disease that brings premature children.
These poor, sick kids... learn to depend on their parents' claws... instead of loving them.
The woman raised her baby because he couldn't reach... and hit me with her fist.
Now he's got the brain of the 6th kid.
He's got a kid's mind, but his hands... his hands are grown-up.
All right, come on, come on, my children.
A poor woman who needs them to feed her children?
Heaven never abandons its children.
Adults Merciful of Children's Leprosy
He's just a kid.
She's like a child.
Yeah, I was just a kid.
The kids aren't thinking.
So we can be strong enough to get the kids there.
I want the kids to go to school and go to school.
I left my own research. I won't let you talk to me like a child.
We're really God's children.
Don't be a kid.
They were like mothering their child.
- Is that your baby?
But it's a baby...
It's a little kid.
It's a little baby!
What does that have to do with a kid?
Given that I've been sunk into blankets as a child, I can hardly get up in the next month.
These kids always swim right after they eat.
But he realized that only children could be taught anything.
He married her, they had many children, and they lived together for 20 years.
Together with their women, their children, their families...
I felt that even for us children of bourgeoisia, there was no way out.
Peter is still a child...
I'm not a child! Of course you're not a child!
These guys were like kids to me.
Parents, first of all, take care of their children.
We can still have children.
He was a kid at the opera.
At first, we were hanging out in Gardet and Jurgorden because I used to live here when I was a kid.
I'm willing to endure, for Joffrey's sake, for Florimon's sake, and for the baby I'm carrying.
I'll leave the children with my sister and go back to the king. He'll have mercy on Joffrey.
- These are your sister's children.
I'll free your husband and he'll live. And you and I are running to America, as we decided when we were kids.
But he's still a kid.
- Is it nauseous? We're gonna hold off on the baby, aren't we?
The child will be born to Easter, and he will graduate from high school in '75.
Tomorrow you will raise your children.
There was a young girl sitting on the terrace of the restaurant, holding a baby in her arms.
It seemed strange to me that such a young woman, aged 17 to 18, was already married to a child.
And when I looked at her, she unbuttoned the blouse gate and offered the baby breasts.
The baby wasn't hers, it was her sister.
I'm not a kid.
You're the one who works to feed your children!
I mean... he said you had a baby.
But this girl... didn't have any children.
There are horses eating flowers, children drinking milk from rivers.
I have to leave my wife and children.
Let's leave this place and start living somewhere else before government troops arrive and do the same thing they did in Canudos, killing men, women, and even children.
Take your wife and child.
If we get out, we'll have a baby.
If I had a wife like that, I wouldn't have run off to the mountains. - What have you done? - Kids.
- I'll take care of the baby! - If I had a daughter, I'd know about it.
I'm gonna get some rest. We're gonna have a little party for our kids, 'cause you're your man.
Because I know you a long time ago when you were a kid.
Ever since I was a kid.
Kids, you're finally here!
Just like a kid.
I promise you won't have a baby.
I will notice, Monsieur Montale, that it is unlikely that a brave soldier, an officer who has received his prizes in the battlefields, will throw splinters into your garden like a child.
Oh, my God, what a baby.
I didn't know you had kids.
Maybe it's better not to have kids.
When children grow up, they're sent to death.
You're a big kid.
It's like a baby's mug, but...
Well, we can settle down and have kids or something.
Step away from business and have kids, what's the problem?
Kids whose parents you and I are, I wouldn't even trust a stupid kitchen knife.
