When I was a kid, I was sick of all that biblical nonsense.
Do you have any idea what kids are like?
It's like a little baby crying.
I'll be a better father for my kids than this Rick.
But spare my innocent wife, the poor children!
Don't be angry because he's a kid.
The shelter is for adults, and for children it has never been.
Edward's insatiable, my father, worthy York, fought in France and, by comparing the dates, he did not admit that this child should be conceived by them. Yeah, well, you can see it in the face. He and York weren't good at all.
Said Edward's kids were bastards?
You're a rude babysitter, you're a hard-ass, you're with the children of my sweets, Tower, be there!
"There you go," said Dyton to me, "the kids slept."
Well, Clarence's son I have locked up firmly, and I have married my daughter; Edward's children are in Abraham's womb; Queen Anna has said goodbye to the world.
Can you support a child and a sick husband?
He's just a kid.
My wife and children died during the war.
We can't even buy milk for the baby.
Don't you remember crying kids begging not to hurt her?
You can take good care of your husband and child, Hanae.
Shizuko, you're not a child anymore.
They're like children, don't pay attention to me.
I have two sisters and a brother and their children.
Oh, Millie. We were kids. I forgot about it.
Okay, we got married, but we were kids.
He's like a kid.
Yeah, like a baby with a mother.
But the baby has to grow up.
Have you heard anything about messing up kids?
Honey, I know I'm behind in life... but I thought the kids were wearing jeans... or combenisons for picnics.
He's got a kid's brain, but he managed to start a family... so I decided to keep him.
It was a deliberate, malicious act of a neurotic child.
I don't know how to say it... she has one adult quality that looks weird for a child... and my husband and I went to school like yours... where they believe in discipline and old-fashioned virtues...
The other kids love her?
Other kids?
I always felt like I was an adopted child... and that Bravo's family wasn't my real parents.
Didn't you know that the substitution fiction... is one of the most common in the kids?
Rhoda's too independent.
It was an 8-year-old Claude Deagle... the only child Mr. and Mrs. Henry Deagle had with Willow Street, 126.
The mystery is how the boy got to the pier... because the kids were strictly forbidden to play next to him.
Poor kid.
They're gonna send all the kids home now.
I can go with you... but I think it's best for the mother and child to be alone at times like this.
It was such a blow to lose one of the kids...
He yelled at her, but she was already on the beach... and went back to the other kids.
Kids hide a lot from adults.
Let's say Rhoda went after Deigles' kid to the dock.
When we were gathered for flowers, for Deagle's funeral... from the children of Fern School.
I understand that children should help, share the expenses... but no one took the money from me.
You said she lost her only child... but if this event casts a shadow on Rhoda... then I have to live with it, too...
Kids are terrible sometimes, aren't they?
We can't have children anymore.
Tell me, children can commit murder... or that's what comes over time... and grow up with a future criminal...
Yeah, kids do murder a lot.
She asked if... children's crimes were always caused by their surroundings.
It's like these kids are born blind... you just can't teach them how to see.
She had a baby, didn't she, girl?
So you think she was one of those... unhappy, defective children born without pity?
I told her then that I was always worried... that I was a foster kid and...
Whose baby am I?
You were my only child.
"As it happens in those houses where children have...
Yeah, she started writing a book, something about the theory... something like a child getting criminal intent genetically.
Well, a kid could be born with a broken brain chemistry... with decent, healthy parents, but that's one case in a million.
- God damn it, if we were stupid enough to count differently... no one would ever adopt children or even have their own...
You can't choose between having a baby and buying a vacuum cleaner, like....
Your baby doesn't have asthma.
For having a baby.
- Kids, get ready to read.
You little kids broke something.
Parents are no worse than children.
And people like me need to teach these troubled kids how to read the word recognition system, as if our language were a collection of ideograms.
And we're surprised that our kids can't even read comic books.
All the kids play baseball.
- He's just a kid.
I know something about kids, they're born lazy, and they're also greedy and lying.
- Trust, moral guidance... for our children from a prude and annoyance.
Children's debt to parents and parents to children.
- Kids!
- I got it. No, make the kids breakfast.
Elma! Wake up the kids.
I'm gonna wake the kids up.
And when I got here, he had extended pupils and a pulse like a newborn baby!
It wouldn't be so scary if it wasn't for one question: children!
I'm not a kid anymore!
Lily's had a kid a long time ago, Susie's got such a good fiancé.
...that doesn't make any sense! If I even get married this year and have a baby... oh, don't laugh... I'll be thirty-six years older than him. You know what upsets me the most?
And there's gonna be a lot of beautiful toys, dolls, animals... and stars on the walls. We're gonna have a lot of kids! Yeah, Juan?
I love her like a dog or a sick kid.
- She's not a kid.
- Now you listen. I'm your husband, and you've been here almost two months... I didn't admit we were having a baby.
Have you seen the baby?
- You think if Marjorie didn't have a baby, she'd be alive.
- Mr. Duchin, every child needs a father.
We were fun friends, gentle lovers, like two kids together.
Who can you feel like a child again?
The birth of the first child.
These kids, these are the children of the people from your ranch.
These are Angel Obregon's children.
The child is sick.
This kid is very sick.
Mrs. Obregon has a very sick child.
There's a very sick kid.
How's the baby?
Right, send the kids to bed so the adults can talk.
Let's hope it's a boy, our baby I said, let's hope it's a boy!
The birth of children has been good for you.
Up and down, but he doesn't know a damn thing about raising kids, just like his dad did.
You just do it your way and help these kids grow up and become what they want to be!
Jordan, I think it would be nice if I took the kids home for a visit.
Better for us and for the kids.
Kids?
Why didn't they come with us like other people's children do?
But don't worry about the kids.
Is that my baby?
Kids!
And that coloured kid, he's Benedict, too?
These kids!
Look at them, these kids in their unlimited wisdom are smarter than us.
We're home looking after the kids.
You can't stay a gifted child all the time.
With three kids and all that debt!
I gave birth to three children...
I'm ashamed of my own children!
Our children are drowning!
Children...
Children...
Save the children...
Kids!
- that he's gonna take the kids?
Children...
Go away, children!
You don't have to bring it to the old men... or the kids, because it's just a waste of time.
See if he's got a criminal record. And bring the baby...
Leave the baby, you bastard! Listen!
Go away! Kids, get out of here!
Nikolai Dmitrievich Korpanov, 38 years old, born in Prafka, residing at 16 May Street, Irkutsk, married, has no children.
Don't worry, I'm not a kid.
Mom! (baby voice from afar)
Flask, the third assistant, hated everyone who was stronger than him, especially the whales. It's like he took revenge on them because Leviathan's children insulted his ancestors.
In a sad search for the missing child, another orphan was found. The drama is over.
And when you're the first time in your life to get up here, all you're doing is twisting two irons and talking like a baby...
I'm gonna bring presents to their kids to make sure I'm welcome... and Noah's gonna say,
And that children laugh, get bored and make noises.
You'll get married and have children.
Children, go with Lucy.
I was a kid when I got there, Clit, but I wasn't born there.
And, you know, mostly people keep photos of wives and children on their desks, and I don't have a wife and kids.
It's funny, though, if you think it might have been an actor's picture, because when I was a kid, I thought I'd dive into his pussy.
You, and 50 more of our classmates with their kids.
I had a garden when I was a kid.
I used to sew my own buttons when I was a kid.
It's just this age. When I was a kid here in this school, I had problems, too.
When I wear a blue suit, I look like a baby.
And the kids couldn't, everyone's busy.
Kids are gonna freak out about him.
When am I gonna meet Marion and the kids?
Yeah, kids tend to be dramatic.
Having fun, kids?
Thanks to the kids, nothing like this happened.
Because I'm tired of the children's self-control.
I know kids aren't cheap, but I don't give up.
I'm in charge of the farm, I'm looking after the kids...
Of course, children are always more important than I am.
We need to get the laundry off the bus, get the books back to the library, take Frankie to the dentist, buy something for the kids...
She's successful in a big job, but today I was proud and grateful for my children, my home, and of course for you, darling.
To love such a child!
As usual, children.
Listen to me, children!
But you have a beautiful life with Marion and the kids.
You know you're gonna want to see Marion again, hear her voice, fight over bills and kids.
That I was a kid?
And Curon Lucien, born Grenai, forty-nine years old, no children.
You must be married, Mr. Policeman. Yeah, but I don't have kids.
Isn't he great? Who would have thought Mom and Dad would have such beautiful kids?
Kids, go away!
For a long, long month, until the baby is born.
The hospital may die without your presence. And they can teach kids all kinds of stupid things without you.
She's just a kid!
No kids, no adults.
I'd better take the kids home.
Why would a guy with a wife and kids go on such a crazy expedition?
If Jaffy hadn't been the one that was just needed, I would never have taken someone on board with my wife and kids.
My wife and children grew up and died.
He was based in Japan after the war, and his wife and children flew to him.
Hank, I know you're hurting your wife and kids.
- He survived his wife and children.
I've been told that things hate children that aren't touched by ugliness.
Don't you think it's weird that we haven't seen the kids?
16 and 17-year-olds, yes, but no kids.
There were 14 children in it. 14 out of 2,000 children.
And those kids weren't strong and healthy.
She said things don't drive away all the kids.
- You mean normal kids?
Because if you stay here buried in the ground like moles, your children will die.
How many kids do you have here?
Your children need the sun.
If we blow them up, then we kill every man, woman and child in the caves.
The children of those we once hated learn our language so that they can work with us.
But as long as there are kids who need him, he'll be happy.
A couple of months ago, some of these kids were weak and weak.
I've been married for 27 years, I don't have children, my health is excellent.
The only result will be my wife's accusation of polygamy and the destruction of our children's lives.
Normal women don't get drunk and start a fire in their own house, and they don't go out in the middle, and they don't get away with it, and they almost knock the kid down!
These men are like children.
So, kids, now we need to figure out the division.
So, kids, you can go home.
I'm sure one of the kids wrote it.
No kids.
- Even a child can open this castle.
If you knew child psychology... you'd know that a lot of kids are cruel.
These kids... that's what they've become.
- Do you have children?
Children...
It's no secret that slum children are potentially dangerous to society.
Don't be a kid.
As a child.
Kids, or the people of the sea?
They treat us like children.
The public prosecutor is charging you with aiding and abetting a sexual offence through pandering and aggravated by your relationship with a person who has sexually abused a child.
Klaus told me that school was over, the kids were running out the gate, and he was going to his motorroller, and at that point, Dr. Winkler came over and talked to him.
You're acting like our kid's completely lost.
When he receives a specialty or profession, he must create a family, have children.
I may be wrong, and I hope so, but according to section 181, pandering is punishable by imprisonment, if there is a connection between the perpetrator and the pimp, i.e. the child's parent.
Since the crime is related to the accused's son, the court does not deny that the mother did so because of concerns about her child's development and possible danger to his future life.
Look at the kids.
A prostitute with a baby?
I don't want to hurt your son in any way, but he's still such a kid.
Come out, "baby"!
His uncle in Senju lives in a big house without children, and loves a young master.
"The baby"?
It's a baby's grave!
It's one thing to play with explosives like a kid with a fireworks--
Your job is to raise children, make dinner for his husband when he comes home.
Tell me, what could be the most desirable happy marriage, children and family home?
Stop talking to me like a stupid kid!
All men at parties are like children, especially unexpected.
Where are the kids, Tommy?
And from now on, I'm not babysitting on Monday night, Tommy!
Just like a three-year-old until Mom slaps.
You're like a kid, Mitch, think about it!
Crazy kids!
It's a signal for women and children to leave the room.
I don't mind being a babysitter like that.
Anna, a beautiful child, I thought you were a refugee. And Olga, the wiener-- this one made me a fucking cock.
It's okay when you're expecting a baby.
I'll leave the baby.
And the wedding, and the fact that I don't work anymore, and the baby.
You work your whole life for the kids, you give yourself to them, and here he is, the end!
Did you know we had a baby?
The baby showed up too early.
And now there's a baby... and now it's supposed to be Lizzie's first love.
I'm my wife and my baby!
EVERY day to have children? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
It's not just me and Freddie. We have to take care of the baby!
- I have to go with the baby! - But, Lizzie!
Kids!
Her husband managed to escape. - She had a heart attack. - And their baby?
Kids love it here, and old people love it, too.
And we don't want the kids in short pants to be involved in such a mess.
Yeah, kids.
- There's a lot to learn from kids.
Okay, kids.
My dear, I hope you don't mind the children's holidays.
Julian loves children so much.
I don't think children would be very entertained by the presence of a demon from hell that I caused for them.
I hope you don't read this to children in kindergarten.
Whenever I want. In order for the child to learn something, I'm telling him it's a direct text.
When I was a kid, I was out walking with the rest of the kids.
Come on, kids, go to bed!
I acted like a child.
Don't be a kid!
There's Arturo. It's a toy to have fun with your kids. Dance!
Take it home, entertain your children!
If you have no children, have fun with your wife.
As a kid, in college, then always next of kin, then there, here, because there was no need for an extra mouth at home.
You're like a child.
Get up, my children, get up.
My father and mother died when I was a child.
All girls have to get married and have a lot of kids.
I declare that it... stained the French banner, stained the honour of every man, woman and child of France.
He'll be closer to my wife and child than I am.
Hello, my children.
- Soldiers are like children.
Be brave, my children.
He was just a kid.
No matter how cheap you are, you have to be able to keep score, 'cause you're not a kid anymore.
Good people don't throw things on the road, and kids do nothing but ruin.
To a worker who would beat her, or to an official who would give her a baby every time...
- My children, what's going on?
Fanny's a kid, she didn't know what she was doing.
Until the last woman and child in Ávila, until someone talks and tells us where the gun is.
Two hundred miles from here, the enemy is amused by putting Spanish children on bayonets.
Tell the kids there's sweat in the resistance stream.
There are children in the village.
We're a little embarrassed, but we all have wives and kids. We're not ready to die for that gun.
The man you killed has four children!
- Shouting kids and wet diapers.
- My family, my children...
He said she was a kid.
The baby from the river?
Well, you can get a kid on it.
It's good to stand on solid ground, with rooms and kitchens, raise children and...
Food, shelter, love, children and chickens!
Stop thinking of me as a kid.
Makes land and gives birth to children.
Mommy and daddy, and I, and the baby, and the older sisters, two or three.
You're gonna beat up kids like that, and you're gonna have to pick them up with pens.
Children.
1 : 20. The rest of the kids are back from school.
But I hate cuffing my dad when the kids are looking at him.
The kids are back.
The kids came back about 20 minutes ago, they had some sort of fold. There hasn't been anyone since.
Married a widower. A husband 20 years older than her. He also has three children.
At 7:30 a.m., children leave for school.
7: 30, children go to school 8: 20, husband goes to work
All three children are mine.
Tonight she must return to the cheap husband. She must live with the three children of another woman.
Kids, you go to the river and I'll be right back.
I'm not gonna let them take my baby away from me.
I'm sorry, Comrade Pampikane, but you're raising a child wrong.
Just think, kid, naked, out of the bathtub, ran out to the veranda.
- I'm gonna take the kids to the boathouse.
I'm not talking about money. Help me find the baby.
And why would I be looking for your baby?
You have no idea about raising children.
So beating a kid...
That's when the kid ran away, that's right.
I can't think how a kid can get away from his mother.
You know, sir, you won't be in the right place, I'll put the kids on the train and go home.
Why did I take the kids alone?
How did his parents trust him with the kids?
- Do you have my baby?
- Honey, did you bring the baby?
The only child...
There was no other way, the kids had to go home.
Oh, my God, where's that kid?
And this one hasn't seen the kids...
- Where are the kids?
Kids!
Later. There's a kid sleeping.
That's why, my children, you can still quit.
My children, I'm not joking.
Cuffs, my children, put on after the charge.
Of course, the kids have to get married.
He's a kid.
Kids always know who loves them.
He's my kid.
He's the one who makes you so excited. Think what you're saying, the kid's listening.
The children will grow up, their families will take care of them, and then their children...
As a child, he can be persuaded by a kind word, and an evil word will piss him off, even push him to commit a crime.
That's where we're gonna raise our kids.
She's married. Three kids.
- Do they have a baby?
When are you expecting a baby?
It's because of Glomo's filthy kid.
It's all gone to hell because of the baby!
The baby of this gal Glomo!
These children... will be born. And they're gonna die!
Better because of the baby.
Everyone's sure this baby's gonna be just like that one.
Your baby's about to be born.
Some kids are playing the barge with him.
Some kids found it.
It's bad enough you're pricing people's lives! It's bad enough you're trying to threaten to extort money! But why bring an innocent child here?
No one's going to get your money if we're dead. How could you think we were gonna let you take the baby away from us? That we're gonna leave her alone with that sadist?
Sticking a stick in a kid's belly doesn't bother you at all?
Kidnapped child and father released. Mother is still captured by a terrorist. It's bad, it's bad.
- This kid's been in a lot of pain for days.
- If he doesn't hurry, the baby's gonna bleed out.
- It's gonna take a while, and the baby's gonna be okay.
Children. It's Pale P.
Men, women, even children.
Van Alem's child is alive.
Dirk van Alem's seventh child.
The kids didn't want to go to bed.
When I think about you and the kids, about little Tierke, about our lives here, I get really scared.
You work hard, I take care of the kids.
Smart, we're like kids, like savages.
We're only good at making technical toys, right for the kids.
You're not married, and you don't have children.
And now what will the Major's wife think, his children, when they find out about him and Lola?
Does he have a wife and kids?
With this annoyingly annoying kid than anyone in Paris. This is gonna be great fun.
Stop, you stupid kid.
Who's the kid with him?
Who's gonna marry her and give her four kids in three years?
She's a kid,
Just a kid,
She's a child, you'll never be able to free her.
She's a kid,
Stupid kid,
She's a kid,
Clumsy kid,
It's just a kid,
A growing child,
She's an annoying kid, and I don't know where she is.
Children are born ungrateful and with cold hearts!
All the kids are crying.
A very brave child.
Urban children are very smart.
This kid's watching us.
Most kids were very nervous.
I have two children.
But children don't understand their parent's concerns.
You read in the papers about the wives who killed their husbands, the killer of children, the stabbing in a drunken fight...
Of course, one day the baby became different.
- Good afternoon, children.
You don't have to get him off the bread of the kids.
- Kids, is everything okay?
In England, we were raised with justice and friendship in all children equally.
Children are obedient and well prepared for classes
Just like any kid her age, Meinhardis wants approval and support, a good word, a helping hand.
I don't believe that children should be treated in the same way as grown-ups.
You're a special kid.
You're all my children. But I can't belong to you or anyone else.
Kids, there's nothing better than Sunday spent in a comfortable home environment.
- Come on, kids!
Only in accordance with our principles: children, church, kitchen!
- Kids, church, kitchen!
It's for the kids.
Kids, I don't want to get in the way.
Kids, kids!
- I'm sure the kids got a great experience.
Happy kids. Seeing is such a pleasure.
I had a great time here with you kids!
Kids, say whatever you want, but it's great to have Her Highness the Princess.
- You're too kind to the kids.
Kids don't have to pay for what happened to us.
Your power is based on fear, and the children hate you.
Kids, quiet!
She's having a baby every day.
There's a point in the child being saved.
Hey, kids can't drink.
You don't have kids?
What are you doing? It's like killing a kid--
I have a kid I haven't seen yet.
I'd be a bad communist, comrades, if I could comfort you like naive children.
Sure, she's a girl... but she's just a kid.
All the kids love it.
It's a different kid.
Yeah, she's another kid.
She's just a kid.
She's a kid, Gina.
The baby's asleep.
When you have kids, you'll understand!
You woke the baby up.
Where am I gonna put the baby?
No, the kid only goes to jail when he grows up.
Such a professional! That's what kids do!
What are you doing here with the baby?
Look, Theresa's baby?
Theresa's baby!
One has a sister, the other has a mother, the third has a child.
Bye, I'm going to jail to pick up the baby.
Lady, look at the baby.
There was a kid.
Yeah, that's right, baby.
The baby.
He didn't have any other children.
His wife didn't have any children.
So he kept the baby and she was abandoned.
"Where's my baby?
Have you seen my baby?"
The child who was taken from her, whose loss drove her crazy and led to her death, was Grandma Madeline.
Father G Odvin, I'm expecting a baby, but not from Edwin.
It's the baby of that Viking, the agnar.
He was around his neck when the Vikings kidnapped him as a child.
They'll have a baby by summer.
I hope it doesn't lead to the baby.
Waiting for the baby?
- Poor kid, how's he gonna do that?
- You could. And you could have kids.
- I'm gonna pay a visit to a cranky kid.
Come on in, kids.
How could I leave her with the baby?
You have to listen to this kid sing, it's a nightingale!
- We're gonna be like kids?
We stayed for the wedding dinner. We were kids...
Once, on Thursday, when the kids played ball, a very delicate señor came to see me... spoke to me and wondered if I liked it in Rome.
- It's a bastard! He made me distance myself from my family, my children, my wife!
She took away my affection for my child!
- You hear this one with your daughter! They give birth to children so they don't go to jail, and when they're here, they die that they don't see them.
I'm the mother of your three children.
Jimmy and I were just gonna take the kids off at the country house.
Are you kids small?
Kids!
Let's take the wounded, the injured women and children.
Come to me, my children.
Go, my children, go.
Now the kid's grown up, and he's gonna start doing his job.
I don't think it's a good sight for a kid.
Nice kids we have.
Monsieur Micheau and I talked about raising children.
Kids get curious, you better watch them.
Kids, to the bomb shelter!
The King is me, my children!
Come on, my children.
Blacks my age already have children.
I want to have a child from a real man...
So you're okay with the test children?
Leave the kids alone.
