Like a month ago, Jeff had the kids.
My kids.
I only think about the kids.
All for the benefit of the children, huh?
- Kids, please.
Mom, do you want me to make spy out of my kids?
What the hell are children doing...
These children must be punished, and they know it.
Kids, servants, jerks, no time to drink coffee, my best pipe was stolen, my stupid razor, my pen is running, and for the fifth time in a row, we had tapioka pudding!
And children and servants, and...
Kids!
Run, children.
And the kids, darling?
Todd, you need to get married to have your kids.
What manners, children!
You've eaten enough, children, I think.
Kids, let's play one game.
Where are you kids going?
You think I'm gonna be able to leave the kids like that?
It's okay with the kids, except you and Todd all over the place, that you encouraged them.
You know I'm their mother, and they're my kids.
After all, well, they're my kids.
Kids!
Didn't you call Jeff to find out about the kids?
What else did the kid tell you?
He's still a puppy. The baby.
The baby...
You're just a helpless kid.
Did the baby fall asleep?
Jerry, don't wake the baby.
"Don't wake the baby."
He's such a kid!
But the cute kid?
You're so young, Junea, you're a child.
- No kids?
- We have a kid at home.
No one cares about the kids more than I do.
We can hardly force our guest to take care of the baby tonight.
She seems... scared of a kid.
You know how kids know how to...
Klaus Bleaker's wife and children don't have a home except for this farm.
And then we found out Johanna wasn't gonna be able to have kids anymore. That I wouldn't have a son... that after me Van Raines wouldn't be, that I would be the last.
And I hope my child will believe!
And in the baby's heartbeat, it's uneven.
I'm terribly sorry, but at least your wife has recovered well, and in time, you may well have other children.
You've always been a good kid.
Now we're gonna have to put up with this kid.
I so want you to talk to this kid.
And you call her a child? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
All children
I heard an Indian legend once. About the way the ancestors light fires in the sky when the ruler's child dies.
My dear, in the presence of the children, I've already asked you to...
Often, when children see a stranger for the first time, they make a scream that scares adults; they don't know how to reason, but they feel right.
This gift was given to me by the children, the only friends I had there.
If I told you I knew a widow, a mother of four hungry children I wanted to help, I wouldn't have to believe me.
- My children, please; such a lovely day.
I love kids.
I drank her movable property, her marital bed, my children's clothes.
My children...
Ah, my children, a loving father has the right to bless you.
Don't you want to give birth to crazy kids?
As I continued my journey, I met a very poor woman who held a child in her arms.
The baby just smiled at her the first time.
"The joy that the mother feels in front of her child's smile is as much as the joy of the Lord every time he hears the prayer of a deeply sincere, prayerful sinner."
Oh, my children, don't be so annoying.
As long as I'm alive, the fate of my children will not be determined by ditching.
Like a child.
Why is the baby so helpless?
Why don't they ask the baby?
Yeah, but he believes everything so sincerely, like a kid...
I can't. They have kids.
These aren't my kids.
Yeah, but they're their kids.
You have no family, no children.
Wait for their kids to grow up and leave them?
Mary, give me the baby.
The kids are coming with me.
If you have children, there won't be ten left.
I want my baby to look like you.
Mary gave birth to two more children, but she found time to work as a volunteer assistant.
Why do we need these kids?
So our children can have such silly and careless teachers who send them home naked?
Maybe my kids aren't the best dressed, maybe they don't have any good clothes...
Why are you tormenting kids?
It's enough that she's humping around with your stupid kids trying to teach them something.
My wife, my kids, my friends.
He's like a kid.
He poisoned the baby.
I'm going home. I want my wife, my kids, you know?
- Ernie Bishop. You live in Bailey Park with your wife and kids.
My wife ran away and took the baby with her. I've never seen you before in my life.
You don't have kids.
Where are the kids?
Where are our children?
Get me back to my wife and kids.
Kids!
Kids!
But we have to think about the kids!
No, I don't. We don't have to scold the kids.
You know how noisy these kids are.
She wants to find herself a party. With two kids!
But I'm in a hurry to pick up the kids.
Before I leave, because you refused to come with me, I want to be sure of my children's stable future.
Ginna, isn't it paradoxical things that happen between parents and kids?
Definitely, you were a model kid.
Later, children.
- I'm not a kid anymore.
I want you to meet the kids.
- Remember, kids, just one at a time.
The house, the children, my mother.
- Did you like my kids?
They're your kids.
All right, kids, go to the hall and have some sandwiches and juice if you want.
Good evening, children. Happy New Year.
A friend should have come to me right away, not spread rumors that even children could hear.
Now, go to the kids, my dear.
When the poor mother expected another child and needed shelter, she stole a piece of bread and went to prison.
She stole 11 grand, served 11 terms, and gave birth to 11 children. Then, unfortunately, she had to steal the 12th, serve a new term, and produce my humble person.
Any child will tell you where the castle of the Marquis de Pierreon is.
Come on, kids, get changed for dinner...
Kids are born in a hospital.
As that French guy wrote about the kids looking for a blue bird, they were looking for it all night long, but they never found it.
They admired the forests, the rivers, the lakes with their wives, their children, their houses, then they looked up to the sky, and they said,
You must forgive me, señorita, for my children. As you can see, they lack the mother's care. Dad's been telling me a lot of good things about mom since she died.
- Sit down. - Thank you. You have wonderful children, Mr. Ortega.
There's your kids!
She's not upset that she's in the middle of a newspaper scandal. She's still looking at cute infantrymen sleeping in pajamas with open windows. She hates makeup and art schools don't wear pink dresses. She doesn't eat tuna. She loves kids, Beethoven and Badminton.
Get up, kids, get in the circle, get in the circle, get in the circle.
Get up, kids, get in the circle, get in the circle, get in the circle.
Get up, kids, get in the circle, get in the circle, get in the circle.
Yeah, and you're not just gonna be like that, but I'm gonna tell you that you don't have kids to play with.
I'm gonna have kids around.
- The kids for half the price.
The kids are half-priced.
The kids are half-priced.
The kids are half-priced.
When I was a kid, I swore I'd be a priest.
When Jim and Julie were kids.
I remember once, on Independence Day, we invited all the neighbors with the kids.
She let the other kids ride.
She laughed so loudly at that wet guy that all the other kids, too, started jumping into the pond just to hear her laugh again. That's the same effect she laughed at you.
Ever since they were kids, I've had to take care of them, look after them, and all because of a disease that already lived inside them.
I was warned that under no circumstances should Jim and Julie marry and have children.
Oh, but the baby's great.
This, uh, kid has a father?
Venice... my baby, I was discharged from the hospital, exhausted, and without a penny of money in my stocking.
The baby and I haven't melted with him for a minute.
Your so-called white rags are baby diapers, my young friend.
Of course it's her baby.
We can't take a little baby with us.
And then, when you have kids,
I'd take care of his kids, and he'd take care of me and Piccolo.
What are you trying to do, drown my baby?
You had to use Gemma's baby to make a deal more than once.
Well, goodbye, kids.
But I have a baby.
Then you can take care of my baby.
If the baby's okay, I can keep it.
Yes, but my child is very sick.
The baby is very sick, and I was so scared.
Kids always have earaches or something.
The baby's sick, and I'm tired, and I don't count the shilling for the gas meter as a condition.
And the father has to go to work and the kids have to go to school, and then the kids come home and they play.
The baby died, and you and Fenella...
Because it's so easy for people to say they're sorry, but no one can say what it means for a mother to lose a child because she's the only one who understands who can imagine a person like that he'll grow up.
She moved to England as a child, but she remembered Brooklyn her whole life.
Yeah, sure, I was distracting the kids.
The children of these Schneiders grow up thinking that the sky is made of bones.
I like him because all the kids loved him.
Well, why do kids at school love you?
Teach the kids?
How can you hate teaching children?
If you hate teaching kids, maybe that's why your voice is so cold.
Last year, the kids asked me to sing in their finals.
Your kids were smaller than my Danny.
The purchase was left behind, but on top of it was a tin or copper bowl, and since then the children have been baptized as they are now.
Children aren't interested in this at all.
We have four children.
Children in shrubs and lice, seven people in the family, they sleep in two rooms, they don't have a lira, and they bite their nails at noon."
What am I gonna feed the kids?
But I have five kids.
If you have five children, tell that to your husband.
You have children, too, but my husband doesn't make a living on the black market.
How am I gonna feed the kids if you don't give me pasta?
I have kids. Give me the plate.
Angelina, the kids are gonna get sick.
Kids can't stay here.
We have to sleep on the street with the kids!
Or should we get a cold on the kids?
- You're turning the kids against me?
- Don't say that in front of the kids.
- The kids are here!
Yes, but the lady has five children, and my wife's nervous.
We'll leave tomorrow. Come on, get up, take the baby away!
When it was necessary to have nine children.
Nine! If it wasn't for July 25, I'd still be making kids like a machine gun!
Did you forget that it was impossible without so many children?
He's not only capable of arresting his wife, he's also able to send all the kids to the electric chair!
The kids don't listen to me anymore.
If any poor bastard loses respect for his children, what's left of him?
You're lucky you don't have kids.
She set up her kids.
Think of the kids!
I only feel sorry for the children.
First he says that he doesn't want to hurt you because he loves you, and then that he can't remain indifferent to such swine, I'm sorry how to put five children's mother in prison, guilty only of trying to stop her from doing the dirty thing.
I'm gonna transfer the complaint to the kids.
I care about my kids.
Husband, different cares, children...
We care too much for our children...
- It's not just our children who suffer from censorship.
And the kids, didn't you want to have children of your own?
He knew me as a child and knew my parents.
I have to go to the Cathedral of Paris to make room for midnight Mass. I'm gonna make the kids happy.
Okay, my kids.
Bravo, my children!
I'm gonna leave you for a while. If I'm not here, the kids are gonna start freaking out.
Why don't you put your kids in line?
What am I supposed to do with them? Playing Santa Claus with all the kids at Bethnal Green?
I swear on my life. Sadie's life. Your child's life.
He's spoiled like a child.
- I knew her as a kid!
She's just a kid.
The film is dedicated to the Unknown Child, all the children of the War Fly.
The peasants are looking for some kids.
I said I didn't see any kids.
To fight the children?
They're just kids.
The defendants are children by occupation, and their homes have been destroyed by the war...
The rock with the ruins belongs to them... and all the children who need a home.
'Cause if it wasn't the Lord's will... you wouldn't have been trusted by the Lady of God with the baby.
If we had kids, I wouldn't be with you right now.
My baby.
I want to believe I'm gonna marry you, we're gonna have kids, a house with a garden.
- Be a kid.
- Children, be reasonable.
- It's not for kids.
36 hours ago, I was a decent, respectable, law-abiding citizen with a wife and child, and a good job.
- But she's just a kid!
How's Dad, kids?
He writes like a three-year-old.
There are other children.
Then she's got an okay. I'm an extramarital kid.
The baby is the center of the neck...
It's possible.
It's hard to understand why children come to this world.
What do you feel when you have a baby?
Now we're gonna turn them into kids again.
"Listen, my children, as through the midnight world
We're expecting a baby.
- The baby?
Listen!" Look, my children, like through the midnight world.
How can a mother of two have a head on her shoulders, believe in some nonsense, stupidity?
Wake the baby up!
Don't cry... you're like a child...
And with the baby!
Just the kids in the middle of a fucking trembling.
To abandon the house, the name, the wife, the children, and... run?
I will possess the castle of Macduff: I will deliver the sword of his wife, the children, all the souls that belong to him.
And the kids?
So are the kids?
The wife, the children and the servants, all they could find.
If you fall not from my hand, I shall be troubled by the shadow of my wife, the slain, and the children.
Hot summer sidewalks playing kids, buildings with their bare stones, people without makeup.
Some children wake up at 8 a.m.
Some children wake up at 7 a.m.
For $50 a week, I kept my wife and two children.
Well, he's a brave kid, Jenny.
I don't want him to be a dead kid.
I can't just go up to the baby and grab the belt.
We don't have any other children.
You babysit, raise him... spoil him, love him, and then end it.
- This morning... the kids who were swimming in the East River found a dead body.
- This kid's got steel nerves.
We don't have children, and my wife is angry all the time.
He loves kids, he's cute.
Kids always ask him to play harmonica.
With current prices, children should save money.
I had a baby.
You don't have to do that in front of a kid.
I'm not sure there's much to hide from a kid his age.
No one who's ever been a kid.
David is her only child.
He's my only child, too, but I want him to grow up.
They're already walking through the blade of a knife, just like bird lovers, little kids, and scratchers.
David's not a kid anymore.
Well, you know, if we have kids, they have to be legal.
And make the kids happy.
- He's just a kid.
Ma'am, your baby's crying.
- Is that woman and the baby out?
- We're having a baby.
I'm having a baby.
Whatever it is, I'm having a baby.
Bowie, what would you want our kid to be when he grows up?
I have to see the baby.
About Cody's widow and the baby.
Even the kids don't want to miss anything.
Kids aren't washed, husbands aren't fed.
She's expecting a baby.
I can't track the birth of all the children in Lowalton.
If he can't pay the hospital, how can he take care of eight children?
I thought one of the kids had measles or something!
No matter how often children are born, and how many more babies are born in the house is always a significant event.
You took the baby in your arms, didn't you?
Are you gonna put the production of children on the stream?
Come on, kids.
My children, never avoid Common Practice.
The baby will make you happy.
What about the baby?
I'm not saying how that can affect a child!
Rosa, whatever you do, it has nothing to do with the baby.
After I tell you something, you may not want me or my baby.
Make me another Mildred Sorren with eight kids.
I'm just worried about the baby and you're gonna have to take it.
After the birth of the baby!
I'm afraid I might fall when I have a baby in my arms, or when I cook, in any situation like this.
Go away, children.
Now I have a home, family and children.
I've looked at this window so many times, at night, in the dark, I've had enough to see it lighted, thinking that the kids were sitting at the table.
My wife looked very pretty when she cooked them... surrounded by children.
Children.
God is the witness. I didn't cheat on my husband, I swear on my children.
Were you going to leave your husband and your children? Yes.
- I didn't think about my kids. - Piece of shit.
"I didn't even think about my kids. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
My children, he was once the most dangerous man in London!
What can a child like you know about my hopes and plans?
Because traders feed their children.
Lop 'em before his kids get 'em.
You know what kids are like, Carl.
It doesn't look like it's gonna snow as much as when we were kids.
Other kids, what would you like for Christmas?
I think that's why the baby came out. Oh, I don't think so.
He's a great guy. Let him be a kid. Stop turning him into like your dead husband.
The baby's not happy if his mother's getting married again. It takes time for him to get used to it.
I, um... drilled holes in the floor of my bedroom when I was a kid and could look up into the living room.
Like, "Get your hands off my baby."
For a child who doesn't expect miracles, it seemed like a great idea.
'Cause not everyone who wears old clothes is vagrants... just like those who give 80-dollar trains to strangers' kids, not necessarily millionaires.
He's got nowhere to sleep and he's buying a baby a train.
What a child.
But I had you in my arms-- a nasty skinny kid.
Like a kid when he's being punished, and he realizes the punishment's over.
A scared kid in the dark prays for help.
And if not, we'll stay here and grow vegetables and ten children.
Children.
- My wife is very sick, and she's expecting a baby.
- Don't be a kid, you need to know that girls need to:
- Yeah, you're like a kid.
It's a charming baby.
The other one that's gonna grow old between kids and pots whose hands are gonna smell like soap.
To her, you were a burden, worse than a child.
Don't you see the baby?
- There's dates and we'll have a lot of kids.
- This kid... is a charming kid.
- You have kids, don't you?
- How are the kids? - Wonderful.
What about the baby?
If he wants to help me, he can get rid of my baby.
Why didn't you think about being careful if you didn't want a baby?
Because his father is a jerk who dragged a girl into a room without taking care of any children!
Kids are nothing but trouble.
And now our baby is growing up safely in her tummy.
He'll do anything to save your baby.
Is this for the baby patient here?
Are you implying that my child will be insane?
It's about the baby's life.
And this is my first child!
What happened to my baby?
You're the one who said bad things about my baby!
And your baby!
Let this bastard see how his baby came into being!
You don't have children.
I have four children!
Okay, here's what happened: The baby died of the explosion.
- Always kids?
Three kids and an adult.
The fact that children have been hurt three times out of four is weird.
It's so awful that it happened to the kids.
I'm not a politician or a salesman, but I'm not a ten-year-old!
At the age of ten, the children are already out of line.
And these were the murders: the wounded with the gangrene, giving birth to women and children, too. Some of this dissolved penicillin was used for meningitis.
The lucky kids died, the other kids went crazy.
There used to be a lot of kids here.
All these kids, the victims of penicillin speculation.
Children are the future leaders of our nation.
We must cherish the children.
We have to respect the children.
Let's celebrate Children's Day!
Children are the future leaders of our nation.
We must cherish the children, respect the children.
Whose baby is that?
I'm selling kids.
Who needs kids?
I'm selling kids.
These kids don't fit.
Hey, kid, do you have parents?
Impossible! I don't have children.
Who can't have children, you or me?
This kid, Three Woloxins, is here.
Mrs. Woo, I'll invite guests to see the baby on Saturday.
Hey, can't you see that this baby is exactly like the big sister?
We're here today to open the Children's Aid Society.
Our children have no education.
Many social problems force our children to eat poorly, limit the means of treatment.
I'd like to make a donation to help these kids.
and to open a new school for these needy children.
You beat up a little kid.
Mr. Ho's school teacher lives here with his three children.
His kids are home.
Stupid kid.
Other children steal books.
You're just a kid.
Yeah, I have an approach to the kids.
Man, don't make a kid go to school.
And Chang, stay here and keep an eye on the kids.
You're an ungrateful kid.
You want the baby to come with me?
You don't think I'm gonna put this kid in a hospital.
Orpheus, little phrases won't feed our child.
In addition to the obligations set out in the church canons, among which the most important are mutual assistance and the religious and moral education of children, you also assume obligations towards society in accordance with State laws, which you must also comply strictly with.
It's a baby.
If you don't talk to him like a child, he doesn't understand you.
He was a widower, and he had no children.
Yeah, I'm on my third month. We're having a baby.
Remember playing with the kids like that?
I was a kid.
And if you love your child...
How do you see a child with a heart?
Women love children, and children should be with women.
- I'm sorry, Dan - if I said something wrong this morning... but you hit a kid who just told you the truth.
You and the baby.
The baby and I.
I was an only child.
Not that I wanted to leave her, but I heard Mr. Fabian say that her understudy was going to have a baby, and they're looking for a replacement.
That's how kids behave.
You're acting like a kid.
Feed the cat when the kids starve.
No, you don't understand what it means to watch... as your only child goes on...
Yeah, yeah. He's a very devious kid.
If you act like a child, I'll make you die.
Kids, why didn't you call me?
When I was a kid... I stole a gun from the store and I...
I'll put the kids to bed first.
Kids, go to bed.
Ruby told the neighbors that the kids were sick and wouldn't go out.
Why would I bring shame on my children before?
- No one's gonna shoot me and the baby.
See if Ruby and the kids are okay.
Kids have to be raised, you know.
I'll come to lunch, play with the kids.
I'm only gonna teach the kids what's good.
Kim preferred to impersonate an Indian boy... because missionaries sent white children to school.
Then ask him to bless my daughter... who still has no children.
He's like a child.
Bless this child, God's man.
Bless him and all the children.
White children are sent to study.
Kids shouldn't see the carpet on the weasel until the whole pattern's out.
More than half of them... 400 men... the rest are women and a few children.
This life isn't for a baby.
Then Grace lost her baby.
It's an unborn child.
Her face turned pale, she stared at me with glass eyes, her expression was as strong as the baby's.
What about this kid's parents?
Did they enjoy it and leave the baby?
It's for the protection of children.
Think about what they've been through to give up this baby.
I have six children.
The last path of the old chimpanzee was in the greatest seriousness, as if she had buried her only child.
Heartless, motherfuckers.
- Good night, kids.
Come on, kids, go home now.
By the way, what happened to the baby? He's. He's turned into a piggy.
Come on, buddy, she's just a kid!
I feel like an abandoned child.
She's a kind kid who likes the way I paint.
Evacuation of children......................................
Wake the kids up, Nellie.
After all, he's just a kid.
When I was a kid, we were poor, sometimes we had nothing to eat.
I mean, after the baby's born.
Kids hanging around the dinner table.
He bowed like a mother over a child, standing on his knees on the sand.
Child.
Only you, of course, take the baby. Come on,
I've agreed on the placement of the children... with Mr. Fuller's representative.
Anything I can drink, I'm safe for the kids.
It starts early, usually... something happens between kids and parents.
They're kids.
Why don't you write "children"?
Are the kids home?
She got a little fat in her hips, having two kids... but it's normal, it's normal.
Go home and take care of your children!
When someone takes a piece of candy from a sensitive kid, he gets offended and throws all the candy.
They had two children, and he died here in this house, in peace and peace at the age of 63.
Kate and I are gonna get married and have two kids.
In my day, every kid heard about X-rays.
Seven kids...
Come on, kids, go to your room.
