- Tell me, are they yours or my children?
In front of the kids.
I'm sick of feeding you, take your wife and kids and get out of here!
And then there are kids, and you don't know where they came from.
I want to have a baby.
I'm so sorry, I want to have a baby.
But I'm not here to be a maid, I'm here to have a baby.
The production of children is equally important and should be entrusted to specialists.
Their child is the result of artificial insemination.
- How old is the baby?
Even if couples decide on artificial insemination to have a baby, if they love each other, sometimes they have... certain connections.
In short, the baby.
And what are you going to do with this child born naturally?
- my baby...
- What about the baby?
The kids fell asleep, too, so I came to help.
- Go, go, I'll look after the kids.
And if they don't, the workers will be out of work, in poverty, their children will die because of...
Mothers will have to leave their children.
You don't speak well, but I don't want my mother to leave the baby.
- Are you expecting a baby? - Can you imagine how lucky I am?
My baby?
- The baby...
Women risk giving life to underdeveloped children, monsters, but it goes on.
Little by little, it passed. And then, when I had kids, of course.
I say, little by little, it's gone. And then, when I had kids, of course.
A kid can get around it all the time.
You might be interested to know that FRISCO has always been used to wash my children's diapers, and that no child has ever had a rash since birth.
Go to x.................................................................................................
And the children of Babylon were destroyed, and became indecent in the sight of debauchery. (Probably the distortion of the Old Testament - the prophet Isaiah (Yeshaig) and the New Testament)
Do you have children, Megre?
Nope. But I'd like to have a baby.
Shot Mr. Kaplan twice in front of the frightened men, women and children who came to the park to see the monument on the mountain.
- He's got two kids.
I have two children:
Yeah, my kids.
Maybe it's a kid or someone who doesn't know Morse code?
And... anything for the baby?
Sometimes, as a child, and sometimes... as I probably deserve... but no one has ever treated me so nicely... and hasn't looked at me like I'm my wife.
I'm also used to the idea that my wife and children are... at home and safe.
My children... all our plans from the day they were born...
He's married to a girl named Sharon, and they have two kids.
How do you tell a woman you love that she needs to kill herself and her child?
You have a wife and a baby, you need to change your diapers.
I'm in your hands like a sleeping baby.
We're here to talk about the baby!
No one wants a coloured baby.
I have too little apartment and too many kids.
Having kids isn't cheap.
But how would you stay where you lost everything: home, wife, child?
I taught children that coloured and white races are equal.
You seem to forget that we hunt ducks, not children.
And why did I look at the baby?
But it's not a crime to have a baby!
I'll take care of the baby.
He didn't want or could not leave his wife and children.
Like kids.
Well, it's like kids.
He wasn't older than me, and he didn't have kids or a wife.
For years, they've been waiting for a baby... and finally, their dream came true.
I also regret the gift to your child.
That a foster child is being raised by three peasant women... living in the dark forest.
Bringing up a kid?
And here's the King and his King with a heavy heart... standing and watching... as their greatest value, their only child... disappears in the darkness of the night...
Why do they treat me like a child?
Kids need their own nest, right?
A place where they will give birth and raise their own children.
Our children are destined to fall in love with each other.
No one's asking you to have a baby.
- Don't treat me like a child.
I can't have children.
Wife and two kids.
First the dead man was taken away, then the widow and the children left... then the furniture was taken away...
When I last got married, I wasn't old because we had a baby very soon...
Yeah... we had a baby and then neither she nor I-- we didn't want to have kids anymore. And then when my daughter grew up...
- You know, about her fate, about the baby? - No, no...
- That's my baby!
But it's my portrait... with the baby!
For the baby...
It's impossible... the punk waits here, and she has a husband and a kid at home.
And tell me frankly, in your memories... which of the two looks more expensive and closer to you-- Wife or child?
I don't separate them from each other. That's why I didn't try to keep the baby.
I guess the baby was more important to me than anything else.
Since she saw a beautiful kid in the park... she went to meet him with open arms.
And the handsome child responded to her caress by biting her cheek and showing her tongue.
Just think: I may not recognize my child!
He bought it for me to reduce the long waiting hours... before the baby was born...
But, of course, he's gonna ask about the baby...
He's got to help me find my baby...
Now I love peace and loneliness... but most of all my child!
He'll help you for the baby...
And the baby?
- I couldn't say... that I was too old when I married you, then the birth of a child would have been ambiguous...
It was our baby, wasn't it?
That's why I waited for the baby to be born.
But the worst part is... you cast a shadow on the very birth of your child... with your pointless chatter...
And the worst thing about this case is that this gossip got to the baby, and your daughter found out that her mother...
That's awful! For a child...
A child at all!
Where's your baby?
My baby?
This jam needs to be followed like a small child...
What about the baby?
And the baby!
Where's my baby?
- Yeah... just like your baby...
I came up and asked him for an explanation, and Gerda grabbed the kid and disappeared with him in the crowd...
Where's my baby?
Mother and child...
Fru Gerda went to her mother's house in Dalarna, and she wants to live there with her baby.
And the mother and child in the village... in a good house!
But we're not kids.
Did you find the missing kid?
I didn't know you had such a beautiful baby.
"The body of the child was found in the river."
I'm having a baby.
A child? Have you been to the doctor?
You don't want a baby?
I love you, but you don't have to have kids.
Did you see how I'm kidnapping his baby?
I don't care, I'm gonna have a kid who's gonna comfort me.
I want a baby.
I came here because I want a baby.
You don't care about me or the baby.
You don't want this kid.
Whatever you say or do, I'm still having a baby.
I want to have a baby.
But I still love you, and that's why I want this baby.
He'll grow up to be a good and honest kid.
We haven't met since we were little kids.
I want you and the baby.
He's not gonna do anything to him, he loves kids.
Um, then there'll be kids, some like me, some like you, well, not you, but, uh, you get it. What do you think?
I know you'll find children to your taste.
- You're a child...
It's a good idea to have a baby!
He earns a little more than I do, and he has three kids.
I'm gonna go say good night to the kids.
Kids?
What if they attack the kids?
The wife and children are leaving for the village, and the boss is having an affair with the secretary, or the manicurist, or the girl from the elevator.
The kids go back to school, the boss goes back to his wife, and the girl...
The kids are on vacation, and my mother-in-law's here right now.
He has four children and an extra 10 kilos.
But of course! You think I'm a bad father like the ones who leave their own children?
Your clothes make it look like it's for the baby.
Gentlemen, think! It could be a sensational report. The child travels across the Atlantic Ocean to find his father.
I have children of your height at home, too. They're waiting for you.
Come on, kids, stop fooling around. Come on, let's go.
These kids are so wild!
No, I'm not! That would be a little boring. Maybe he already has children and doesn't want others.
Good luck, and don't forget that my agency has taken on the baby's responsibility and happiness.
No, he doesn't have six kids, he doesn't have a wife, he doesn't even have a home.
And you thought it was his kids who didn't let us use the money.
'Cause you're still a kid.
I prefer spoiled. Unless you love kids.
On the sea, on the baby, on the cat.
- You're both so beautiful. You and Antonio will have beautiful children.
And you, signora, how many children do you want?
- The baby.
- No, we decided not to have children.
- Don't have kids?
God wants a husband and wife to have children.
- How do kids do, Francesca?
With a husband like yours, you ask me how children are made?
- That things aren't okay between our kids.
In my opinion, parents should not interfere in children's affairs.
Many of the husband-in-law have children from Alfio Maniano.
Hurry up, ladies and gentlemen. Hurry up, children.
That masked coward who has a wooden sword and who isn't even afraid of children.
Look, I thought these kids would steal flowers when we left.
I think it's brown 'cause black, for the baby...
- It's delicious. - See, he's like a kid.
- Like a baby. - Poor man.
- He's like a kid.
Old people like children.
Children must understand the difference.
Aren't you ashamed to say that in front of the kids?
Kids come here to study. - Yeah, we all know that, too.
But you've seen their children before.
Where are the kids?
I thought you were gonna fight him like a kid.
We need to be careful. These little urban kids are so advanced.
When I was a kid, I spent hours in this room. My parents were very far away.
Were you a sad or funny kid?
- Come on, let's go. Don't act like a child.
You say we're kids and we don't have a commitment.
I don't even remember the day Elsa told me that Fedora was expecting Alberto's baby.
Mom, there's a lot of ways to get rid of the baby, right?
If we were gonna be together... you could easily tell us about the baby yourself...
Maybe my father was right... we were kids, and now we're growing up.
Where are the kids who saw Madonna?
Where are those kids?
- Signora, where are the children?
- What's your children's name?
The children were wrong, because those who saw Madonna... changed their face, looked brightly.
The sky is pure and starry. At these moments, the children are still at the police station. And no orders have yet been received from Rome.
We met an uncle of the children.
He kindly agreed to answer a few questions. When did the children first see a miracle?
Thank you. They'll be bringing the kids in soon, calling from Rome.
Turn the searchlight around. As soon as the kids get to the tree, you're gonna start filming.
The children rise from their knees, but they run in the opposite direction.
And I don't mind traveling, meeting women of different races. It must be fun to have children of different colours:
I'm worried about the future of my children.
He killed two children, and then he shot himself.
My children!
You'll see the kids later. We're gonna go, we're gonna talk.
Kids just got hurt.
The day Leopoldo has a child, the land...
She looks like a baby in her dream.
I thought in time she'd realize that we couldn't be the children of her dreams forever.
She's the only child I left behind.
You're acting like a kid.
- Does the baby hurt you?
I asked him to help you and your baby.
Don't yell like that, you can hurt the baby.
The death of an innocent child and my revenge.
I promise you, Lord, besides the body of my child, I promise you in punishment for my sin I will build a church.
- And the baby?
I go out with a kid every day.
I want to give the kids so much that you don't even know how to do it, where to start.
Do you have children, monsieur?
Yeah, when I gave birth to this baby.
You see, she lived in a house with a huge garden surrounded by an iron fence, and sometimes in the evening, especially at this time of year, when her husband and child were sleeping,
Funny... kids end up making you angry.
Beach, what a joy it is for children!
One day you're gonna talk to some kid or something, just like that.
Julie's having a baby.
I have a wife and kids.
I wouldn't hurt a child like you.
And this baby downstairs is his?
Here's something for the kids.
You can show it to your own child...
He wanted to make a movie like a child growing up, every detail, if that was possible.
Especially child fear and how children react.
- A scientist who lets a lizard into a baby's bed for good?
I'm writing short stories for kids like Grimm did, Anderson, Carroll.
The children, having read the book, will want to see the pictures that this camera took, but the publisher says it's impossible to take pictures, and they offer pictures.
It belongs to a little boy, and she sees adults as they were children.
There's no face in the crowd that looks like a child.
Is that Jenny Harrington's baby?
Most children, orphans, go to the orphanage.
Kids don't even understand...
Excuse me. Thank God the kids weren't hurt.
I went to the clinic when I was doing Mr. Giri's hand... and I noticed she wasn't enough for 32 kids.
Unrequited souls of human children are sadly mistaken for false confidence in their own power and wisdom.
What a baby.
He hates kids.
You can't hear me. I want the kids to understand - I don't want to see anyone here!
They know everything... about the children you kidnap and keep in slavery.
- The kids deserve it.
I don't think there are any children in your basement.
You're just a kid.
Children...
Well, the kids are gone.
You know Nell already has eight kids?
She's too young for so many kids, that's all.
Can the kids come, George?
Children. They're gonna freak out.
And this kid! Your niece! And she's helping them!
You go home like a good kid.
The baby's not moving because of me.
What kind of mercy would it be if he let that happen to a child?
The child needs to be given hope.
About my baby.
I'm buying this house as a wedding gift for my baby.
Kids, what weddings can be now...
I've known you since you were kids.
My children!
There's not much I can do for you right now, my children. - Goodbye.
Whose baby is that?
- Mother of three, waiting for four.
Come here, children.
Not only do you have brothers around your neck, you're gonna have kids of your own.
You think of all your kids, that's right.
Follow me, children! Take your things.
Hurry up, kids, 'cause I'm cold.
Why are you staring at women, my children?
Let's go to dinner, kids, soup's ready!
Ah, these kids!
And even when the baby was born, you didn't go to them?
Me, Rosaria, Signora, in such a big city, out of respect for my children!
You're probably gonna have to show the baby so you can believe it.
Don't you want a baby?
Do you know what it's like to have a baby?
And then one day you're screaming in pain, and you're having a baby.
So you want a baby now?
Burt and I used to run around these hills when we were kids.
The children of my master, whom I also taught classics...
I'm having a baby.
Child.
A child?
The baby... in the spring...
This is my first child.
The baby...
A naughty kid. He beats me with his fists all the time.
And this is his baby?
I even agree to take the baby as a payment.
Most of them fled to the mountains with their children.
To transport this woman and her baby to my home in Rome.
- The baby... is he okay?
I hope her milk fits the baby.
I prefer to feed the baby myself.
But you're interested in the baby's life, aren't you?
Are you threatening me with a baby?
You think by threatening to kill my child... you're gonna make love in my soul?
I didn't threaten to kill the baby at all.
And the baby.
I wonder what Spartacus would say... if he knew that some Valeria and her child were slaves in my house?
And this is the birth certificate... for the baby.
She's on her way... with the baby to Aquitania, with the permission of the Senate.
- Kids!
- To have kids?
And to the happiness of our children!
To the happiness of the children!
My children, we have no choice.
My children, the tire is punctured.
That's what a profession means, my children.
Kids!
Come on, kids!
You can count on me. I'll help you and your baby.
When my wife told me she was having a baby, it was the happiest moment of my life.
It means that every woman of childbearing age is about to have a baby in our village.
- You're having a baby.
Whose baby?
- And the baby?
- How's the baby?
How many women have given birth today?
So, they're obviously normal children, with the following exceptions:
I warned you not to play with those kids.
People, especially children, are not only measured by their intellect.
No one likes these kids but you.
But they're just kids.
Children are born free of moral values.
I want to inform you that Midwich is not the only colony of these children.
All the children died within 10 hours of birth.
In the Eskimo colony, 10 children were born.
Blonde-haired children from dark-haired mothers broke taboos.
Men killed children and their mothers.
All the children survived.
According to our information, although limited, these children receive a good education.
Any word on the origin of these children?
That I may be the father of one of these children could affect my scientific position.
Do you think these children are the result of an impulse directed towards us from somewhere in the universe?
A series of clashes, mainly between village children.
Children fight all over the world.
There are accidents with children.
These children have some mysterious power.
These kids are about to get out of control. It's only a matter of time.
Gentlemen, there's been a lot of talk about the power of these children.
These children want to dress equally, and what one of them has learned, others learn.
Who says these kids can't be our salvation?
Many parents send their children far away, and David will be only half a mile away from home.
Edward Paul didn't notice the baby and almost hit him.
It's a very strong blow for me. I couldn't get through to those kids.
Apparently, they tested it yesterday in the village of Raminsk, where their children lived.
They didn't warn anyone. They couldn't evacuate the residents without the children knowing what was going to happen.
Their children developed faster than ours.
The children will make the soldiers shoot each other.
Is there a limit to the strength of these children?
Do you still go to the kids' nights?
Good evening, children.
- Here you go. So the kids sleep, go home.
He only knew Mom was having a baby.
A very simple woman and her children.
People have kids like kids, and I have God with her like a wolf.
And how can you not know that there will be no children spoiled?
She can't have children, she's ruined herself.
Here, for example, are the children of the same family.
And left seven souls of children behind.
And he had two children and a chick from his brother's inheritance.
It was a shame that they had been working all day, walking around looking for her, and that the kids weren't sleeping.
Let the children rest.
Me and the kids are going somewhere and we're gonna build another house.
I'm not gonna leave him with any kids.
And Evdokim and the children will be far away.
I drink, I wash, I sew, I raise children.
That's the money my husband earns with his hard work, and our children feed on it.
Stolen a child, dear comrade Judge, husband and wife of Chernyshova.
Do you want to raise your child yourself?
Under what circumstances did the child come to you?
Praying for her children.
Maybe Evdokim is right. Children are right. There is no God.
Of all the children, she was the one who cared most about her.
Listen, do you have kids?
And you can't hurt kids.
The children moved into a housewarming home.
But understand, the baby needs a father.
How many children do Isabel Langlois have now?
That morning, Isabel Langlois, his sister-in-law. At the time, Isabel Langlois had three children.
Isabel Langlois then had a child named Albert.
Don't catch the baby.
Give the grandma the baby back with a bullet!
Why would a child have such ideas?
I have a sick wife and kids in Riabinsk I don't think I'm gonna see anymore.
What kind of kids went, I'm sorry, God. And what's keeping them from being given a lot of trouble in the long run?
Where do they come from? If all your children are taken to Russia. Sit down.
You still have the same missing look, the same smile, the same sudden laugh, the same way to stretch your hand, as if by repelling something: the baby, the branch, and slowly pulling the brush to the spoon by the shoulder,
Don't be a kid!
Did you know that Mrs. De Matteis was expecting a baby?
And the kids, too.
It would seem that the children there would be a sad sight, but they wouldn't.
- O.J. Berman. She was just a kid.
Lula May should be home with her husband and children. Children?
- These are her children.
- She's got four kids?
Lula May must be with her husband, children and brother.
The night I proposed, I cried like a child.
Did you ever steal anything from 5-10 when you were a kid? Nope.
I was an impressive book kid.
Your husband and children are very sorry for our loss.
He's just like a kid.
Kids like you.
I can't leave you here, I can't leave the children without protection.
If you put Donna Jimen and the kids in prison, will Sid give up on us or not?
The king said he wouldn't let Donna Jimen and the kids go.
What am I gonna let my wife and kids stay in the dungeon?
Can't I think about my wife and kids sometimes?
Help me run with the kids.
To stop Rodrigo from coming here, I'm gonna kill myself and the kids.
Does he know about the dungeon, about the kids?
And the kids?
I want you and my children to remember me riding next to my king.
The kids are here.
You must never forget to laugh! Even when you become an adult child like me.
Goodbye, children! And thank you for coming!
God will take care of all his children.
And the kids?
So the kids and I can be happy. But are we happy now?
As a child, I expected everyone to play games that I liked and got angry when they didn't want to.
At the time, he was on a mission, but his wife and three children were in the house.
My wife and children were killed.
All I want to do is save the kids, not destroy them.
I love children more than anything in the world.
Speaking of my life in London, I'm having a great time here, but what I'm doing here doesn't fit the kids at all.
Anyway, Miss Giddens, I'm selfish and two orphaned children hang around my neck so badly.
So the kids don't live with you?
But I think you'll agree that living away from the city has a beneficial effect on children.
"I love children more than anything in the world."
These kids...
The children loved her very much, especially the little Flora.
I'll do everything I can to make the kids happy.
But I always thought it was a paradise for the kids.
What a charming kid.
Even as a boy, he could have fooled anyone around, and the kids were all over him.
He was always very popular, and what's the point of being popular in the middle of nowhere, where only children, pigeons and me?
And the other kid's just as great?
If you like this kid, you'll be attracted to Mr. Miles.
The kids never mentioned him.
You can't blame the baby.
Where are the kids?
Oh, no, miss, I've never seen children tell lies.
I'm telling you, believe me, children are in terrible danger.
And the kids saw them?
I don't know what the kids saw.
Tell me, were the kids happy?
But sometimes I wonder if they were really worried about the kids.
I understand the excitement makes you feel bad, but apart from those weird events, you can't help but admit that the kids were good.
Dear Mrs Grouse, I know how hard it is for you to think ill of these children.
- Where are the kids?
They cannot touch one another except by taking possession of the souls of their children.
These kids are obsessed.
One word, one word, the truth from these children, and we can banish these demons forever.
The children will hear.
Look at the kids.
The children are watching.
The children are watching.
The kids are watching!
I mean, good kids get boring, don't they?
A child? She's not alone, and now she's not a child.
Maybe, but to hear such dirty words from the baby's mouth.
You knew them and what effect they had on the children.
And all I want to do is save the kids, not hurt them.
All I know is Flora was a sweet, happy, innocent kid until you shoved her face in...
- Wake up a kid from a terrible dream, isn't that cruel?
If you were my age and cared for as many children as I am, you would know that waking up a child is sometimes much worse than the worst dream ever.
They said I scared other kids.
I'm not a child!
- Yeah, I have a daughter, and she's got four kids herself.
Do you have children?
Children marked with tattoos are selected for subsequent extermination.
Sometimes there was mercy on the children - they were injected with morphine, and they were unconscious when they were hung.
You think we wanted to kill women and children?
Women and children.
Where were we when there were cattlecars at every German train station filled with children who were taken to the slaughter?
None of those who were present in the courtroom will be able to forget either the violent sterilized because of their political views, the racketeering of friendly feelings and human devotion, or the killing of children.
I have a baby, too.
I was a kid.
He's got two kids.
I've been invited, but there'll be only children there, and people like me...
At my age, you had two children.
Kids, your father and I are leaving for Venice the day after tomorrow.
Richard came up with names for our future children, and there was a very full woman standing next to me.
They're like kids!
No, my children.
And the green means I need a simple woman, as opposed to you, and children!
That our sweet kid stole...
Florence is expecting a baby, a little Bolshevik.
Yeah, not everyone can leave their mother and child.
- What kid?
