Get the kids out of here.
Forgive him as you forgive your other children who have sinned.
Poor kid!
Just like a kid!
Don't forget that it's gonna be time for you to have a baby... can I ask you where it's gonna come from?
If she knew you'd decided to have a baby, I'm sure she'd be very happy.
I'd say there's a baby crying in the garden.
Since I no longer intend to marry, I would ask you to raise this child.
- No, but he's the father of four children, and that's his mistake.
- Like all limited children, she believes everything she's told.
And when he comes back, I'm crying on his lap like a baby.
And don't tell me we're expecting a baby - I didn't say.
Under the Napoleon Code, a husband is obliged to take an interest in his wife's affairs. Especially if she's expecting a baby.
Stella's expecting a baby?
I didn't know she was having a baby.
Oh, my star! It's great to have a baby!
My sister's expecting a baby!
Crying as lost children cry.
And the baby?
You're gonna have an oil magnate, and I'm gonna have a baby.
You're acting like a kid.
I wouldn't be able to hold a woman or child in the hands of a man if I couldn't bring them back to life.
Wow, seven kids.
But you're not a kid anymore. You need a male society.
I'm gonna go see what's going on with the baby. May I?
- You're not a kid anymore.
Of course it's good for a kid his age to go to school.
The baby's hurt!
I'm so sorry, ma'am. It happens to children for all sorts of reasons... for negligence.
But morphine, such a little kid, isn't it dangerous? No, especially since it's not morphine.
- A friend of mine said that children are... too sensitive and, if anything, capable of anything.
The baby's all right now.
I'm gonna hang out with the baby, and you're gonna get some rest.
Is it not clear that the child's first impression of peace... is the fear of bombing during the war?
Why do kids have to pay for everything?
Think about why... a child who doesn't have enough money to pay for medical care has to die.
I read about it in the paper today. The editor... requested the help of a mother with four children.
It's likely that this child's life depends on the money... that needs to be spent on medicine.
The baby's already home. Is he okay?
However, I thought the baby was a little skinny.
Right. This kid used to be more fat.
She's beautiful, isn't she? And this beautiful child wanted to get rid of his mother.
- Yes, very beautiful. - How many kids do you have?
- Do you like kids?
You have beautiful children.
They're not like kids.
- What about the kids? - Kids aren't like that.
I love kids.
And besides, children, it's God's fishing.
- I need to talk to you. - I met a woman... she has six children. - What happened?
Please be comfortable. Get out of here, kids out.
Come on, Chesira, don't act like a child.
You're acting like a kid.
When is the baby due?
Sylvester, come out and bring the kids with you.
I have many godfathers.
We travel with the kids and...
- So you're their children... - Yes, Monsieur Porthos.
Your dads have been raised to be children!
You're wandering around scaring little kids, aren't you?
He thinks you're the guy who bites kids in the neck.
You don't have to be afraid of her, she's just a kid.
Yeah, Elephant's kid. Hey, look!
Kids!
Bye, kids.
The kids were everywhere.
I'm not a kid.
Look who's not a kid!
Many girls my age are already married and have children.
Just like a baby.
Be quiet if you don't want to hurt the kids.
I'll let the kids in because they can go for help, but you better be quiet.
They're just kids.
Come on, kids!
That's my baby.
- How are the kids?
- Can I buy a coat for the kids?
Now they're gonna look more like Harrison's smug kids.
That's why I'm taking my baby far away.
Even the kids know about your tricky dig-up counters!
Even children know.
I have five children.
Pensioners and unemployed with small children.
Hiroshima children
The children born that day have already grown up.
Did they have a baby?
And many children are orphaned.
We get about 13 hay per baby a day, and the food costs 9 hay.
But the kids are good.
Kuraisi says we can take their last child.
We want to adopt a child.
She can't have children.
I'd better go see the baby.
He's a little crazy, like a kid.
When did you find out you couldn't have kids?
Three kids from kindergarten survived, didn't they?
Since I can't have children on my own, I've been helping other people. - Please hurry.
My uncle and my aunt have only one child.
Good kids listen to adults.
Rest in peace, my children.
Eighty-one dollars in savings, two dead husbands... and two or three kids I wanted to have.
He has two children, from Gertrude's legal wife.
The only child is Harriet and John Schafer, a chemical magnate.
Thanks to you, women and children can live here.
But do it like adults and get the kids out of the building.
What about my kids?
Lose a king or lose a child?
We can't have children.
All the kids fall, but they don't break anything.
You're still a kid.
Not today's kids.
You're supposed to be an adult. But you're acting like a kid.
Children need religion.
When relatives from far away surrounded the child, it was a pride for the family;
- I want to see the kids.
If I thought our actions were gonna affect you and the kids, I'd blow everything up.
Kids like to go home and collect candy.
I mean, kids who come out of the house.
You don't have to take evil out on the kids, Chris.
Your lives, your children.
Millions of women who are convinced for the first time that their children are safe.
The children played in the street under the rays of sunshine.
I'm expecting a baby.
If I tell him about my torment, about this child, about the upcoming responsibility... I don't want some things. That's not what this is about, believe me.
If you really want to have a baby, you'll make such sacrifices.
- Maybe the kids? - Kids?
Honey, I want a baby more than anything in the world-- my own mother-in-law, who I could hold to my chest.
Of course I love kids.
Unfortunately, she lost her baby.
Didn't you know anything about the baby?
I shouldn't have hoped to have a baby from you.
When you and Harry get married, how many kids are you gonna have?
These are my brother's children.
And the baby?
And the baby, too.
Honey, I was so wrong about the baby.
We're not kids.
Good morning, my children.
Well, my children, tell me, what trouble have you come to me with?
My children, if you accuse someone, you must have proof.
Facts! Now, my children, I have many other things to do.
My children, I am your father, your protector.
- Do you think we're gonna have kids?
I want to shake hands with our liberator. I'll tell my kids about it.
If you have to, you'll have to give up your lives and your children's lives.
If the children are dead, raise new ones.
Every man, woman and child with Morelos is in Zapata's army.
Are you expecting a baby?
My baby shouldn't be born when his father's in prison.
Where's my baby?
Where's my baby?
They killed our baby.
At least we don't have to date like kids hiding from everyone.
What are you, a kid?
It's not as much as we'd like. But, kids, we hope you'll eat a little.
Later on, the children of seafarers have the opportunity to receive a scholarship from the MPM College.
That I have a baby?
He always said he embarrassed him and the kids.
- Oh, Bella. Kids hope so.
You think I didn't want to see the kids before? - You never tried.
I'm worried about the kids.
Maybe if she... maybe if the kids don't need me anymore, finally, you and I... you know what I mean, Peterson?
If you appeared before the citizens as you did before the children yesterday, it would impress them.
Besides, you have kids.
I missed you, Henry, you and the kids.
- Kids.
I love him and the kids, and I don't want to lose them again.
And now I care about my family and my children.
You can go back to Chicago, it'll be better for Henry... and the kids.
She's just a kid.
If I could take the baby with me right now.
It's about the fate of the child, and our test shouldn't be hasty.
They want to adopt a child between the ages of four and five.
If everyone was as picky as you, no child would be adopted in our country.
Especially when it comes to the baby.
Will you love this child?
I think you're against our adoption.
The Grahams want to adopt a child, and we need to gather all the information we need.
The baby wouldn't let her save two nights in a row.
And you intended to adopt a child?
Eva was depressed when we found out we couldn't have children.
Married or divorced? Maybe I have six kids. And I'm an ex-con.
- We should adopt a child so I can take care of him.
In the last four years after I found out I couldn't have a baby, I hated myself and the whole world.
I had no idea how I was gonna take care of someone else's baby. Do you remember?
And I would like to convey my love to the child who needs it.
- And even if it wasn't your own child?
- It doesn't matter. - You still want to adopt a baby?
Is this your baby, you want to ask?
Maybe I was afraid you wouldn't want this baby.
Don't be afraid... of course I want this baby to be born.
Yes, there is. I realized that when I found out I couldn't have kids.
You still want this baby, don't you?
When I realized how much this baby meant to Eva, I decided not to stop her.
I decided to keep our marriage until the baby grew up a little.
I loved Phyllis and our baby, and I didn't want to lose them.
But it's only because he gave the child and his mother his name and dignity in society that society wants to destroy him.
I remember when we were kids in Bakersfield and I was on vacation in the San Joaquin Valley, and you always fought with me that I didn't write to you.
Okay, kids.
I was a late child...
Just kids!
Like when there's no kids in the house?
The baby was born an hour later.
- And I'm not gonna have any more kids.
I thought days were like a baby on the eve of Christmas.
I'm gonna be the right wife, I'm gonna have the right house, I'm gonna have the right kids.
During that time, the child may have been born without help.
You know, except for the war... it's the first time I've been away from Morty and the kids.
And the kids?
Leave the baby alone.
Let the baby go, let's get out of here.
- He only sees his wife and children in the evenings.
At first, I spent time with the kids.
Stop acting like a spoiled kid.
Poor people never deprive children of their inheritance.
Everyone loves their children.
Louise isn't a kid long ago and...
It's the baby!
How many kids do you have?
Who knows? Maybe back to his kid.
Mom, you always treat me like a kid.
You're like a kid.
The baby?
What a child.
Oh, she took the kids and moved to Marseilles with her brother.
She's still a kid.
- [ Child ] Me too.
This kid's an idiot.
And she's not a kid anymore.
I've never seen a child so obsessed with horses.
I'm lucky to have such wonderful kids.
There's a playground under the bridge for lost children.
He's running pillow fights at home with the kids.
And the kids, they're not puppies, they're people.
Kids, don't judge Dad too hard.
George, do you think the kids are gonna be okay without Nana?
And how can our children become adults when you're still a child?
Squaw, hold the baby.
- She's still a kid.
They're just fooling us, these royal kids.
He caught one man and his four children in the middle of the street.
Go back to the women and children where you feel safe.
Wake up the kids and scare the wife half to death.
I'm shooting, put the kids in the back.
Wives and children.
My Clara's still a kid!
I'm calm and then I'm not a kid!
I'm not alone, I have a baby.
We're finally gonna see all our kids.
Your kids are doing so well.
Her husband adopted her child.
Kids like it there.
Father, I have to see a sick child.
Mom, she's not a kid anymore.
You're lucky all your kids are on their feet.
It's hard to lose children, but it's hard to live with them, too.
I'm afraid we expect too much from our children.
I'm not happy with my kids, either.
You've been so kind to us, children.
In ten days, we've seen all our children.
I think some people love their grandchildren more than children.
I love my kids more.
But I'm amazed at how children change.
Children do not live up to their parents' expectations.
The kids came to see you.
But children are separated from their parents.
But the children are gradually becoming exactly the same.
We have our own children. But you've done so much for us, and we're not even blood relatives.
She's a sweet, clean kid, Steve.
We'll take the lollipop from the baby.
Go back to your three rooms, your work, grocery bills, taxes, children, and other life risks.
Mr Collini, can I show your trailer to the kids and your husband?
The calith opened up and the kids came in.
Outside the palace, children were born, they grew up and had children themselves, but there was a dream in the palace.
Old men and children.
Even the kids are old.
I'm made to have children, cook, sew.
Did she tell you she was gonna have a baby?
Why would she have a kid if she could have you?
Who did she have a baby from?
- And the baby?
I didn't know about the baby until that day.
This needs to be overcome, Brian, because we're gonna have a baby.
I'm gonna send a letter to his lawyer about our baby.
"The girl gave birth to Carlotta Marin's husband."
According to this version, she wanted to attribute the baby to Mr. Denver, an idea he said Mr. Mullen was protesting.
We're gonna have a home and a baby.
Downstairs, in the apartment, alone, a young woman... who wanted to tell your wife that you were the father of her child.
"Children:
It's not fair to the kids.
As a kid, I've been here a lot, dreaming I'd go to Kyoto and become rich.
Tony, come on. Don't be such a kid.
She comforts a scattered child.
When I was a kid, I was infused with religion, like an ostrich grain goose.
When you were a kid, you thought like a kid.
You thought like a child.
You're just a kid.
He's just a kid!
In the eyes of our mothers, we remain children forever, Mrs. Berling.
I'm having a baby.
- You're acting like a spoiled kid, Sheila!
I was the father of this child, and I had to do everything I could for them.
Her and the baby!
My baby!
A man who can't hold a glass should drink like a baby from a bottle. Open your mouth, guitar.
Wake up! 'Cause you're gonna find yourself, your women and your children trapped between the barbed wire and the fence.
You're like a child!
But my mom raised ten kids for a pay-as-you-go pension.
Everybody loved Joe. And kids and old people.
As a child, I promised myself that when I grew up, I would have a lot of money.
So many kids in the neighborhood.
I love neighbors like my own children.
I wouldn't throw a child to death... or a woman, even if she was a tramp.
Either you or your kids will pay for it!
What's the curse on the kids for?
She took me out of there as a child so I could live in peace.
I'm having a baby with you.
That our child will be born without a father.
- They're the children of your father's friends.
Downstairs on the sidewalk, the kids were playing classics.
I'm very grateful to these kids.
You're lucky the kids are so in love with each other.
You're a kid.
Don't you care about children's pain and death?
Children, go home!
They're practically a kid!
She sings beautifully for the baby! Really?
But maybe not for the baby.
Your wife and child are suffering.
Tamaki, take the children to your parents' house in Iwasiro.
They kidnap women and children. And that's why the governor hasn't allowed travelers to spend the night.
The cold wind of the night is dangerous for the children.
Woman, babysitter.
Kids beat their bellies and sleep, forgetting everything.
Get out of here, I'll help the kids.
The children will sail on another boat.
The kids should be with me.
These kids.
The kids are here.
These children reminded me of my... remaining home.
You must not be peasant children.
You can't let the kids go by yourself.
It's been ten years. Children have become strong young people, despite the hardships and suffering they have endured.
I saw it with my own eyes. A long time ago, when you were kids, our village was burned by the bandits.
He took the baby and said he'd kill him if we attacked.
The baby has been crying all day and still crying.
But he agreed to save the baby.
I just thought the baby was probably very hungry.
You called him a kid,
But in Sam's case, when children are treated like adults, they work harder than adults.
I told you, he's still a kid.
Get it, you sons of bitches!
And the baby was with them, wasn't it?
This kid-- I--
The baby's still here, but we can do it.
All my children are going to Mobran... at the same time.
I love you kids.
Prince de Conti invites Marquis de Mobran and his children to honor him and take part in duck hunting in his land.
It turns out the kids came to see me.
The baby's gonna get sick, they're gonna run straight to you.
That means your children are very attached to Mobran.
As for this question... I'm the only one who can judge the actions of my children.
We talked about how children are attached to Mobran.
Not when my kids hire a lawyer to talk to me!
You don't have children, you don't understand.
We're your kids.
He took the gun... and locked himself in the schoolyard with the kids.
Tell me, kids, aren't you Cyril's squirrel kids?
Charming kids!
Like kids, "nothing"!
But when it comes to children, no, I'm ready to rise!
Okay! So, my children, have fun with you.
And when the lawyer opens his mouth, he can't be stopped. If you think your parents will trust you to raise your children after that...
But you wanted to raise your children, so I gave up.
And you're talking like a kid. Unit. What's worse?
The child broke the window, and the idea of punishment is born in his brain. And he's making up the principal... well, the rest is covered in darkness.
No, but the kid thinks he's grounded, literally.
I'll call my kids.
You know, Anna... the hardest part is being away from you and the kids.
Quiet, the kids just fell asleep.
How are your kids?
Kids?
He's crazy about kids.
What a joy it must be to go back to your children.
You know, Anna, I'm proud... I'm proud to be fighting for you, for children and for a better world.
And they lived on the banks of the Rhine, fighting, drinking, singing, and having children.
I haven't told the kids yet.
How happy he was to fight for a better world, for us, for the children...
Now the kids only come for the weekend-- time is all I have.
It's indecent to have two grown-ups and look as young as you.
- Like Mary and the kids?
- Yeah, but she's got kids.
No, the kids aren't coming this weekend.
Kids... how can I take them away from home?
The kids weren't here, so I decided to leave for the weekend.
I don't want the kids to hear about it before I tell them myself.
- Well... let's give the kids time to get used to that thought.
But I can't ruin the lives of my children.
You're trying to make me choose between the kids and you!
But at least you have kids.
Say hi to the kids.
- I'm waiting for the kids to come.
I don't think your kids are here.
I need a tree for the kids.
I've been thinking about my kids.
Despite the gossip, the children, everything!
Friends, neighbors, kids.
Well, I don't know what the kids are like.
You're much smarter than a kid you're trying to seem.
And I didn't cry like I did when I was a kid.
You think I don't know you killed a kid in that accident and not Buddy?
The kids still think he's writing for Mercury and the band, but what's happened is what Uncle Hoff calls trouble.
On the day of the first plan, you will marry this plot and his children.
The parents of a dead child and the insurance company will wipe you out in any court in the country.
They'll undress you, your baby, and your woman.
You're just an irresponsible kid!
You're not acting like a member of the expedition... you're a child and nothing more...
My family was very rich... and I was the only child.
No, the lady said the baby wouldn't eat much at night.
They could spend more on themselves... if you were my child.....but they treat you like a 3-year-old.
I'm sure you were good and clean like other kids.
We are Eve's named children.
Grandpa read it to us when we were kids.
You know, it's funny to remember someone like a baby.
I want a house, three or four kids and a wife who's gonna scold me for the weak ambition I have.
It's written truth, you can't be a wife and have kids and be a star at the same time, can you?
I want to be his real wife, not the one who's always on tour whose kids grow up in dressing rooms.
All your younger brothers and sisters have already married and had children.
All your younger brothers and sisters got married and had children.
I was so nervous that I spilled the milk I was making for the baby.
Virginia was in the kitchen making milk for the baby and my mother...
Hey, kids! Go to the movies.
Your mom and I are gonna babysit.
I hear a baby crying, so I wake up.
I'm going to their room, and this girl turns out to be shaking the baby's hand. I say, "Straight!
Don't you dare hit the baby! It's my son's baby!" - It's her baby, too.
- It's my son Thomas's baby.
Yeah, but not your baby.
There's three of you in three tiny rooms, and there's a little kid.
I want to clean, I want to cook. I want to make dinner for my kids.
Where are the kids playing in all the rooms, huh?
Some kids in my class, they're... they're so warm and so capable.
She's already had six kids!
"Didn't you tell me another kid would kill you?"
Anyway, she had a baby at St. Elizabeth's on Tuesday. - Good, healthy boy. 9 quid.
Kids grow up, fly out of the nest, and then what's left for you?
What is a mother's life without children?
But you have to have a house to clean up, you have to have kids to cook for someone.
I'm sure she wants to have a home to cook for the kids and clean up.
I don't know, but mom doesn't usually have to live in a house with kids if they're married.
I don't think a mother should be so dependent on her children because of what she did to them.
Take the baby, huh?
I gave birth to six children in this house.
Marty, we're gonna sit in the back for the baby.
Her baby's growing up without being raised. Need some help?
You're condoning a child in a bad way, and I have to look people in the eye.
She's just a kid.
The kids need new clothes, and the aunt needs a shawl.
Don't you see that even our children sometimes run hungry?
The kids aren't home?
I have a wife and kids.
What happened, my children?
I think it's wrong for a mother to leave and leave her child.
There's no place for children!
Kids?
If you have kids, you're gonna love it.
- No one's talking to the kids.
Praying for your children.
There's more kids out there.
I'm sorry, you know, but there's kids with them.
Andrea's mother treats her like a child.
Mom, I'm not a kid anymore!
You're saying you're not a kid, you're risking your life that way.
Every year, in July, when the heat became unbearable, they sent their women and children up the river, to the cool mountains... or, if they did, to the seashore.
Manhattan wives and children are still being sent out of town for summer.
No dogs, no kids, just two decorators upstairs.
And he's got four kids.
"Developments." "Children and animals." "The human body."
- Do you have kids?
He used to play, still a kid.
While his wife and child are resting in Maine, this monster terrorizes New York's girls.
It doesn't matter to me how much it costs even if I have to lay down my own kids. I'll tell you that, in the summer of New York, I have to buy an air conditioner.
Richard, at least have the courage not to bring in an innocent child's weight!
- Other kids have been walking down the lake for a long time.
If I didn't have children...
Her mother died when Tokiko was a child.
Knowledge and high sanity do not give me much advantage, and I cannot provide children with a life of luxury.
Who's the baby from?
She's expecting a baby. It doesn't matter who it's from.
For 20 years I've led a miserable life... a samurai's wife, all for the sake of the children.
I'm a child born out of wedlock and I can only rely on myself.
Hey, kids!
- And we're having a baby.
She's stubborn like a spoiled kid.
"Love, you've been battling like a fish on ice all these years" "and sacrificing yourself to this child, the fruit of our love!"
The baby is mine and mine alone.
My children, my friends.
For a child, anyone over 20 is an old man.
For the baby?
What about the woman with the baby, Miss Gravely, the tramp, and that man with the book Dr Greenbow?
