But if our kids start going to him, people, especially Rockay, aren't gonna like it.
How could I know if she had kids or not?
And if I did find out by chance, I wouldn't want to see my daughter's children, who I gave up on.
- Kin-chan is a humble child.
- Poor kids! Poor kids!
The children are all at home.
- Aoyama fears me and uses her children to attract my attention.
- They sent it knowing that only women and children are in the house.
But since you're a woman and you're Rockai's children, you can use it and take it away.
He can make these children inheritors.
Poor kids.
You two were very close when you were kids.
- Kids should look straight ahead and walk proudly.
Apparently, he's got four kids.
They always have five kids.
The true story of how an innocent child's hands softened the heart of a racketeer.
Well, gentlemen, Frenchy was fine outside the city a couple of weeks ago when his housewife was called out of the house, leaving Frenchy with her four-month-old.
Our children are already malnourished.
I have two little kids at home, my wife, my mother-in-law.
Well, she was just a kid when they took me away.
Rosa Sarona, honey, wake up the kids.
This way, kids, get upstairs.
Connie, help Rose Saron sit next to the kids.
The kids were given when they didn't sleep.
I buried two kids and my wife until I realized what was going on.
None of these kids had breakfast?
Get in the car, kids.
Kids?
You can't feed yourself like that. Not to mention the kids...
You think the mother's gonna let the baby starve for some riot outside the gate?
And Rosa Sarona? She's gonna have a baby, but he's not gonna have a family.
Come on, kids. Sit down, John.
They'll tell you about the kids, the school, the sanitary building... and who's doing them.
Women are always prettier when they're expecting a baby.
You'll recognize me in the screams of madmen and in the laughter of children when they're hungry, but they know dinner's ready.
"His Excellency is honoured by the greetings of the committee of children and mothers of Tomenia."
"Now he's stopped in front of a woman with a baby."
Tonight I will not turn to the children of the double cross, but to the children of Israel.
Mother, take the women and children upstairs.
Even now my voice reaches millions of people. Up to millions of desperate men, women and children. Before the victims of a system of torture and imprisonment of innocents.
And he needs a home and kids.
I want to have kids, watch, watch.
Mrs. Phoebe de Wolf from South Street gave birth to a baby in a patrol car. The baby was delivered by the sheriff's deputies.
They were told to look anywhere. And here's the ending: the baby was named...
He called the mayor and the sheriff small children who fought to match. Yes.
- She lives out of town with the kids.
- My kids are studying.
He's baking like a kid.
Spare me, Jeffrey, think of my family, my children!
You're gonna meet some pretty chubby lady who thinks you're the most amazing guy in the world, you're gonna get married, and you're gonna have kids, and you're gonna teach them how to ride a bike and play baseball if they're boys.
You know, a small house with a few kids and a porch.
Kids, get changed.
It was a long time ago, in Delute, I was just a kid.
Don't act like a child.
How happy our grown children will be when they see how cute you were!
I'll go upstairs. Don't be a kid, darling!
"If I had a child, neither you nor anyone else could prove that it wasn't yours.
To make sure she has a baby.
Max knew it wasn't his baby, and like any old gentleman, he killed her.
But now I know that when she told me about the baby, she wanted me to kill her.
How much do you spend your life with Mrs. Pirovich, except for the children?
I'm just a kid.
Two kids.
- He looks like a kid.
But I was a kid!
Font color - " #e1e1e1e" - "We invite you to come, we invite you to leave." Children... font color - #e1e1e - I'm glad they sent us away.
- Kids get together so easily, font color - " #e1e1e1e" and we just stare at each other... font color - " #e1e1e1e" font color - " #e1e1e1e1e" - What do we do to do that?
- No, I'm not! I have to sing the Psalms font color - #e1e1e1 with little children.
Font color - " #e1e1e1e1" "In time we will have a cozy nest fon color - " #e1e1e1" with several children, two, and better than three font color - " #e1e1e1" His manners are not so good.
- I welcome you to our holiday, font color - #e1e1e1e and first of all the director and his wife, font color - #e1e1e1e - the whole room, font color - #e1e1e1" Mom, dad, aunt and children... font color - " #e1e1e1e1"
- It's great when a man loves children.
- He understands children, font color - #e1e1e - you have to learn from him!
I have a wife and a baby. And the other one's coming.
She wants to have a baby, and her brother doesn't.
Why don't we have a baby?
- It's decided to have a baby.
I'm trying to make the most important decision of my life, and two men are acting like kids.
It is also remade to prepare warm drinks in advance for young children who will have to wake up at night.
Pay attention to children who may be lost in the city as a result of an evacuation that lasts until midnight.
He wasn't a obedient kid, and he couldn't be held back.
There are millions of Chinese children living there, as annoying as you, asking questions all the time.
What's gonna make her go back to the ground is a crying child who needs her attention.
You want to give her a baby?
I want two kids.
Don't let your children near him under any circumstances.
It's not safe for your children.
Is that all you brought the kids?
I apologize, so many children, so many diseases...
When I was a kid, you came every year at that time.
I've come to visit Marie Kothillo's children.
I hope he doesn't give it to the other kids...
The children will show us the way.
Kids, let's go.
The ring was stolen when Willa and the kids marched.
You like kids...
And he took it back the day the kids broke the globe.
Santa Claus is visiting the baby on December 26th.
You were willing to die for what you wanted. Like a child who doesn't deserve to live, and yet you live.
Do Chinese kids have Santa Claus too?
France... and French children...
Did you hear that, children?
I want children like these to have the same opportunities I had.
Just think, one of the most difficult children in our district has become the great Tommy Rogers.
He has a wife and children.
It's a safe place to keep the kids.
Hey, mister, where are my kids?
- What kids?
- My kids.
Look, I'm not worried about my wife, but I came here with 12 kids and now it's only six.
- What happened to my six kids?
Look, there's only six kids here, and I know I have 12.
12 kids, huh?
- You can't afford 12 kids.
What I know for sure is that I have 12 kids, and now it's only six.
My dear, statistics show that we need at least $5 a week for a baby.
It's economically impossible for you to have 12 children!
We've got 12 kids!
Look, mister, I came here with six kids...
Not six, with 12 kids.
Where are my 18 children?
Mr., if you don't get my kids back, I'm calling the police.
- Not grapes. Six kids!
- You just said you had 12 kids.
How many grapes did your children get?
- My children!
- My children, please!
You come with 12 kids, you go with 12.
Who took my kids?
You owe me 12 kids!
Here's your kids!
- They're not my kids!
Hey, your kids are here.
They're not my kids!
Find your own children.
Maybe there'll be a little baby.
That land of Ukraine no longer accepts blood, tears of tortured children, fathers, children and great-grandfathers!
- You have a wife and two kids.
Tell me, when are you gonna get new pictures of your kids?
Look, Steve, I don't like you using pictures of my wife and kids.
- But why are you using my kids?
- Why don't you just make a couple of kids?
Tell me, Mr Collins, could you do something big and beautiful for your children and wife?
It's time to do something for Clara and the kids.
I'm not a kid.
You have a wife and two children.
This is my first wife, the mother of my children.
Do you have kids from your second wife?
You know, you don't look like a man with two wives and four kids.
I don't have a wife or children.
With your two wives and four kids.
A worker and slum children can be sure that I will do everything I can.
If I owned a newspaper, I'd fight by affordable means without giving cartoons to my wife and kids to see it.
I've been married to one woman for 22 years, and we have eight children.
It won't hurt even the baby.
A child born dead, a young husband killed by a fallen tree, a flood that devastated the fields... and made you starve for years.
Before that, he was a model family man. Sweet and kind with children who love their wife.
We get paid when the kids come to the circus.
I was too young. Just a kid.
I guess it's stupid to think that a kid might fall in love, but I fell in love, and I was the only one who didn't know the strength of my feelings.
Hugh, my boy, if you leave me, I'll regret having children.
My children, you will have beautiful wires worthy of the Morgans.
Our kids are gonna grow up in clothes with someone else's shoulder, and we're gonna thank God for being a parent in a house full of small things?
I woke the kid up.
And the kids, too.
Children have lost respect for their parents.
He already has a wife and three children in England.
Yes. He's insured for $10,000, no kids and his wife didn't like him.
My version may be excellent, or inappropriate, but my mother raised children in the wrong spirit to share their ideas with the D.A.'s office in front of witnesses and a stenographer.
He reads a fairy tale to a child.
I'll make a copy for the kids.
The reference to father's offences may undermine... the child's respect for his parents.
Mommy, he's a beautiful kid.
Moms, your kids knocked each other's teeth out?
Yeah, it's Levsha Rogan's baby's birthday.
Do you think I'm a kid or what?
Don't be a kid.
This film was made to raise children's hearts and minds.
Wasn't my son's life destroyed by you, Red Child?
Monsieur Lucien loves a quiet and peaceful life with his wife and children.
- How's the baby?
He's already got eight kids, he gets them like telegrams, but I'm... I'm sick.
This day is gonna kill me. We're gonna have a party, we're gonna set up a strottostat, we're gonna set up some equipment, we're gonna plant a tree, and I'm about to have a baby.
I know, I know. Turns out I let you both down, you and the baby.
You're lucky you haven't taken your seat yet, and there's seven more kids in the house.
Hey, boss, I don't want to ruin your novel, but your dearest Miss Leda Hamilton is also one of the children of this gathering.
My kids love it.
A gang of kids!
- Poor kid!
In the meantime, I'm knitting shoes for the baby...
We're waiting for our 8th baby.
You can have children, but you can't drink whiskey?
You're exaggerating, but I was a beautiful kid.
The only way to teach these kids how to fly...
Mr., when I was a kid, I met a man.
That's why Ian and I, we don't want our kids growing up there.
You're so right that you're gonna marry me and these fairy tales, you're gonna tell them to our kids.
Irena, you're a crazy kid.
I must seem like a child to you.
And that's why the kids teased you and called your mother a witch, a cat woman.
Did you have kids with him?
You're just a kid.
You see, Ethan and I, we're going to have a baby.
Here, take the kids.
My children, 76.
Two kids?
I brought you our children.
- Our children, their troublesome.
You're a spoiled kid and you need to be spoiled.
- Kids are so stupid.
It's not right for a child to be raised by an old woman who will leave him at the very moment when he needs her most.
When I was a kid, Willie McIntosh's father died of shock during a drug-free surgery.
Why is everyone hiding from me like I'm a kid?
A little bit, we were kids.
- I was a nasty kid.
- You're just a kid.
Did you think you were a child when you were 19?
The dry underwear of children is like tiny flags and flints, whipping with joy, welcoming a small nation, a nation of babies, and children.
Kids behind bars, children in cages,
Kids in short trousers, kids in skirts.
Children, children, children.
But why don't you have this baby?
Think of what the baby's gonna do to tie me to arms and legs.
And it wouldn't be fair to the baby, either.
And I can't raise a child alone.
We can arrange this for you, but you're gonna have a baby first, and then we're gonna see if you want to give it back.
She's very interested in learning how to take care of a child.
As Hern prepares for the birth of a child, Mother's Institute takes care of his father.
Her baby is born in the country's main hospital, and her baby is screaming for the first time in her life.
Herna and her baby spend the first few months after birth completely free of charge.
Last year, these homes provided shelter to 250 mothers and newborns, as well as to 1,000 other children temporarily left in care.
Now she's got something worth living for - a home and a baby.
If the baby is born, maybe I won't be the mother.
- Yeah, she woke a kid in me.
I didn't see you dreaming as a child, so you can't exist.
I've always wanted a stylish pin since I was a kid.
You guys talk like kids.
Doesn't anyone care, and I want to know my kid's gonna be a boy, a girl, or twins?
So my kid can sing, "My dad's lying somewhere behind the ocean," or in the ocean?
I want to rock the kid's knees.
I dreamed of it when I was a kid.
You're gonna get married, and you're gonna have kids.
Roses are like children.
Forget about mom and the kids, the unpaid checks, the rent, and marrying some poor guy like Carlos Domínguez and getting fat.
You don't buy a house for feelings, you don't pay for living, you don't raise kids, and you don't buy them clothes...
- Mom and the kids.
But when you have a wife and a kid, you laugh a lot more.
- It's hard for a kid to explain.
- I'm not a kid.
I didn't want to treat you like a child.
Remember when you said you got along with the kids?
Here I am, practically a child, but I would never read what you're reading.
Families always spoil younger children.
Come on, kids.
There'd be enough presents for the kids.
It'll be good for the kids.
I'm not a kid anymore.
I had to eat in bed for a while when the kids showed up, but I never liked it.
Roger wanted to sit next to you. I thought it was fair for the kids to change.
Too bad the kids have to sit on your lap.
Kids are gonna make a great deal of space between them.
Dad's gonna take the kids.
I made a deal with Dr. Phillips about my modest donation to the children.
- The kids are very grateful to you, too!
- I remember when we were kids...
Luckily, he's still a kid.
And the kid has to go to the children's college.
Okay, kids.
Kids like to ride the railings.
You want kids, don't you?
Come here, children.
I understand you're worried about her, and Amy's a very sensitive and sensitive kid.
And the kids feel very well.
She's my baby.
In my day, the kids came to the birthday parties before the adults were ready to meet.
Ollie, this is for the kids to play.
But the kids aren't here yet.
I'm gonna play with the other kids and I'm not gonna sit alone and I'm gonna tell the truth.
He wants you to play with the other kids with all his heart.
You know, when you're good and you play with other kids when you're not squeezing and hanging around in the clouds, your daddy's willing to do anything to make you happy.
Now, run and look for the other kids.
I wanted to tell you about the other kids.
Run and play with the other kids and don't tell me any more stories.
Did you listen to the baby until the end?
But I'm pretty sure you're ruining our baby.
Looks like she was playing with other kids.
Let the baby stay.
I'll show you my kids.
Your kids?
All my kids are asleep right now.
The baby's shaking.
- Kids like to make stuff up.
But you shouldn't let it keep you away from your child.
- You've never had kids.
You have no special knowledge and qualifications to work with children, nothing but a feeling of fatherhood.
I'm a teacher and I teach kids.
There's a whole chapter about children like Amy.
Kids only have one way to escape.
Some kids make up their own dogs or cats.
And other kids or older comrades.
You'd be ashamed, you'd play with kids, you'd hit glass, and an adult would already.
You set a bad example for your children. You cornered me.
Eleven children.
Mrs. Scaponi has 11 children, and he'll have 12 in October.
How to raise children.
Do you... have a baby from my brother?
There's scary sea wolves, there's nothing for kids to do.
Were there any other kids? - Nope.
And some will curse fate, others will call on a doctor, and others will call on their wives, who have stayed at home in poverty, the fourth will grieve for their unpaid debts, and the fifth will grieve for their orphaned children.
For life, for soul, for wives, and for children, and for debts, and for sins, for all the king is responsible!
So we in our homes and our children, for lack of time, forgot science to serve the country.
Come on, darling. The kids are waiting for us.
- Bye, kids.
- Then there's plenty of room for all the kids.
And they say they have beautiful kids, too.
Either they leave their husbands... and come home with four children and turn your house... or their husbands lose their jobs, and they all sit on their parents' necks.
When I was a kid, my parents said, "What's going to grow up to be?"
Do you want a lot of little kids?
And don't bother with the kids.
I always say a childless house looks like a homeless kid.
You're just a kid.
Trouble with kids when they think they're smarter than their parents.
- I'm having a baby.
You're having a baby.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Are you gonna have a baby?
When I was a kid...
Weird kid.
I don't want my kids thinking I hit him 20 times to kill him.
You haven't lived in this house since you were a kid.
He's just a kid.
You just feel sorry for this kid, just like I do.
Stop calling her a kid.
There's, in part, some magic of sleeping beauty in the baby.
I haven't done that since I was a kid.
The only person who doesn't think I'm crazy... because I believe the house can be full of evil... evil directed against a certain child.
What did you do to the baby?
- Mrs Meredith? Nope. He heard the scream of a frightened child.
Then they came back here with their baby.
A scared kid.
She went into the nursery, took their baby and ran to the duck.
She wasn't gonna tell us about the baby.
- Where they took Carmel... after they came back with the baby.
I think that Mary took Carmel's baby... gave her a home and a name, provided that Carmel never came back.
She was supposed to be near her baby.
You told Carmel to leave and took her baby, but Meredith wouldn't support it.
You were mad at them, you tried to kill the baby, and instead you fell off the cliff yourself.
You look like a cranky kid.
You just have to go and tell him your kid is sick with whooping cough.
Yardley thinks I have a farm husband and a kid in Connecticut.
- Farm, husband and child.
About my baby, he's got a whooping cough right now.
- We just have to find the baby.
She told me she bought the kids for Christmas.
- About the baby.
We forgot about the baby.
Here's your baby.
The baby stays here late every night.
You're gonna wake the baby up.
- The baby?
The baby, no doubt.
The baby, so fast?
- They're gonna bathe the baby.
Looks like you know how to bathe kids.
Yeah, I learned when I got my sister's kids.
My sister's kids are so used to me they'd be pissed if I missed swimming.
She's bathing the baby, and I think Mr. Jones is helping her.
Betty Kane is going to have a baby.
- The baby?
Because your wife had a baby.
- One child - 200000
Two kids, 400,000.
Kids are picking up printouts.
And now Betty Kane is planning a baby in September.
- Another child, dear Sloan.
And the kids take time to print.
Well, my kids, I guess it's time for bed.
Thank you for taking care of our children while we're working.
Mrs. Wright told me you helped her with the baby.
Yeah, but where's her baby?
We've got a new kid.
- The baby.
The baby.
Are you saying the baby swallowed your watch?
- The baby swallowed the watch.
Children often swallow things.
You can't let a kid get hurt.
Castorka's bad for the baby, too, it's not good.
The baby swallowed the watch.
Did the baby swallow it?
- Can I see the baby?
We have to hit American Housekeeping with a new kid.
The child was abducted.
Do you understand how much this kid means to print?
Smart Housekeeping's kid was kidnapped!
- Can you describe the baby?
- How old is the baby?
I'm gonna give you a $25,000 reward for returning the baby.
This is Elizabeth Lane's baby, the most famous child in the country.
- When was the last time you saw the baby?
- Your baby.
- What's wrong with my baby?
Our kid's a smart housekeeping kid.
When I came into the house, I saw a woman in a cape and a hoodie coming out with your baby in her arms.
You sit here and talk to me calmly while your child...
Even if you don't feel morally responsible to your husband and child, I have to protect my magazine.
I mean, you're telling me here that smart housekeeping kid...
Two kids?
- They're our kids.
What are you doing with the baby?
- No, and I don't have a husband and a baby.
No baby?
The baby's fine.
- My child..."
We've met since we were kids.
He's in the Middle East, and the kids go to boarding school.
I remember you as a child, Kiloran.
No, but I was a kid once.
What about their wives, their children?
Looks like you won't spare your wife or child for your country... are you married?
I want to spend time with the kids instead of playing theater.
Our kids have grown up, but we'll always be together.
You have a wife and two children.
We have two children and a lot in common: memories, friends, habits.
Now, the kids...
Traditions are important, you can't argue with that, but it's too much for kids to show up in a bed.
The baby's dead.
You probably don't know that you had a baby.
I'm not a kid and I'm leaving when I want. I see him. He's probably from Texas. We have to go to the cathedral.
You're probably babysitting the kids.
A young girl, not a widow with a child without a dime.
They're kids.
The most important thing is that our children will see him. Marcello and the baby we're waiting for.
- Good afternoon, my children.
Along with him and our children.
From love for your husband, to your children, to your friends. 'Cause what you call love isn't love, it's dirt.
It was just a rhyme and a kid.
Yeah, it's good for a French kid.
Why are you threatening me as if I were a child?
- You are a child! - No, I'm not!
Great doll for his baby!
The baby won't take them either.
Wilma's still a kid.
What do you think of the kids?
Kids?
I have a woman and two children in the States.
I have a vague memory that we kind of had a couple of kids.
What are you kids doing?
Wife and four kids.
- Well, have a nice time, children.
Ever since we were kids.
I'm like a helpless kid who can't do anything without screaming for it.
Okay, kids, let's say it again.
I think it was made for the kids.
Come on, kids.
Children.
Will you teach the king's children?
Bring my children.
There's my kids.
I have 67 children.
I'd like to have 67 children, too.
I think Mrs Owens is suitable for teaching children and wives.
And with the baby.
I want children.
Children.
You put your children on the path of knowledge, and for that they love you very much.
Sometimes he was like a child.
Kids believe what we tell them.
Kids, please!
My children!
She's not a kid anymore.
Carmen's a kid, the kind who likes to rip fly wings off.
He treated me like a little kid.
The tall chair of General Jackson's baby, General Soyart's favourite bed...
It's Christmas, the kids are gonna be home soon, and you need to dress up as Santa Claus.
Yeah, when the kids were little.
I want to give you a present while there are no children...
Scared, so the baby.
I don't know how you can meet our kids like that.
Kids, please!
Well, my good kids, what's in the bag?
I've got thousands of other kids waiting for me who love me.
She's just a kid.
The baby?
Your poor little children!
Kids and I now have my maiden name.
I can be Miss Apley again and take custody of the children.
I suppose I can take care of my own children?
Besides, he's gonna support me and the kids.
Of course, Mrs. Warren, the children's residence is what we need to discuss.
Does it occur to you that a judge can ask the children themselves who they want to stay with?
Miss Egan, bring Warren's children.
Listen, kids.
And no kids.
Joe, why didn't you go with them, horses and kids, since you're bored?
Well, then, about the kids!
Jeff, kids develop day after day.
Not Sally's kids.
You and the kids aren't interested?
- Your own children?
Maybe the kids are there.
Oh, getting rid of the kids, darling?
