They must have been just kids.
At least let me see the baby one last time, huh?
Don't think about it. There's a lot of whores' kids!
Who's gonna sit with the kids while there's no babysitter in the house?
But what am I gonna tell the owner about the kids?
Where are the kids?
Children, madam, to be honest, are not present.
- I'm not talking bad about kids...
He's gonna be so angry when he comes in and sees that the kids are gone.
Think of the children.
- Honey, our kids...
I rule subjects: servants, wives, children.
- Winifred, where are the kids?
Kids, come here right now.
The truth is, sir, it's the snake that escaped, not the children.
I thank you, Constable, for returning the children.
I'm sorry, honey, but I was hoping Katie Nanna could handle the kids.
Choosing a babysitter is an important and delicate task.
"The two adorable children need a nanny."
They're just kids.
Winifred, I know they're just kids.
I'm sure the kids will be extremely attracted to my games.
I'm gonna go see the kids.
Can you raise our kids?
The other babysitters take the kids to the park.
You're no better than the kids. I'm so sorry.
Come on, kids.
The kids wanted to cheer you up.
Okay, kids, it's tea time.
Careful, kids.
Kids, please sit at the table properly.
Come on, kids.
Kids, please don't make any noise.
I don't deny it, I'm part of the answer, I let the kids waste time without any good.
George, they're just kids.
It's my baby's duty to know that life is one fight, fighting everywhere, everything.
I'm worried about children's stories about jumping out of paintings on the bridge, communicating with the public at the races, fox hunting...
We ask you to become meaningful and informative with your children.
And two happy children, without a plan tomorrow with you, will hurry there.
The kids have a big day tomorrow.
Winifred, did I say I was gonna take the kids to the bank?
- "But" says horses, she rides, and children who go out with their father tomorrow should jump into bed.
- These are my children, Mr. Dawes.
Father, these are the Banks' children.
- Kids, back up.
- Stop the kids!
Stop the kids!
Stop the kids!
- Ma'am, it's the kids.
Would you be so kind as to look after the children?
And the kids will be interested.
- Come on, kids. One or two.
You tricked me into taking the kids with you? - Yes.
But you didn't have enough for your children to at least wipe your tears.
I don't think it's normal for children to grow up.
Where are the kids? Jane?
I know how you feel about these kids.
Do you love children?
Then the kids called her to America.
Yeah, they called me right away. He says, "What did the kid eat?"
What a beautiful mother with a baby in her arms!
Don't make that face, it's not your children.
And the children were educated.
Bring someone's kids into my house!
But I can't give up on the kids.
You're not gonna stop me from telling the kids they're mine.
- Because they're your kids!
Kids don't buy.
We've been living here for three years and we don't have kids.
It's just to teach the kids how to speak.
It's so easy to teach the kids what to say.
"We are the children of the same people!" - the expert said it to me.
We're having kids.
Can he feed you, raise your kids?
We're gonna live very easy. We'll wait with the kids.
Mom, I'm having a baby. Oh, my God.
Is that his baby?
- With this kid.
The woman who's expecting the baby is beautiful.
I'd be happier if the baby had a father and you had a husband.
We're gonna raise our baby together.
Do you know anything about the baby?
How many kids do you have?
No job, no bread, no housing, seven kids, one in the stomach, his name is Ben-Gurion. Get out of here.
Let's say a snake bit you when you were a kid, and then you forgot it, but this case left a deep scar in the child's tender soul.
What kid?
It's you, Mr. Shabati. When we were a kid.
- Did the government give me kids?
It's a children's warehouse.
"An innocent wife has been bought, all her children will be given his name.
And these for the children, and these for the children.
How many kids do I have?
Leave my children alone!
Leave my children alone!
What do you want with my kids?
Well, you don't remember, you were a kid back then.
He liked my kids.
What kind of guarantee can such a union provide for the upbringing of future children?
- When's the baby coming?
A child of a prostitute!
I hear kids, but I can't see kids.
Kids?
I was taken to the palace as a child and only knew what Zereteli taught me.
Who doesn't know, dear lady, that you, as a child, brought a bag of potatoes to a starving widow?
And I wasn't such a kid as the mayor described me.
Carla Zakanassian, while Carla Wexler at the time, stated that you, Serge Miller, were the father of her future child.
We were just kids.
Your child was born, Madame Zakanassian?
Only our child is dead and buried.
You had another kid, Serge.
We had a baby.
All the kids have names.
The baby...
Children.
Unknown child, male.
Unknown child.
Two against the baby.
Foot kicks, slaps and beatings on these ugly kids.
She's a kid, Tegana.
You stupid kids, how dare you make such a reckless accusation.
Oh, that stupid kid! Grandpa, Pin-Cho would never tell me about the second key.
19th. Anything, as long as my mom doesn't pick on me, we made the final decision because of the baby.
Do you have children?
Oh, not older than a child, not a woman yet.
You have to remember that when we left our plateau and started this journey, she was a little smaller than the baby.
A man, a woman and a child.
Take care of the kids and the flowers, uh... keep the pot clean, don't waste it recklessly.....don't destroy yourself uh...
As for the child, she needs to be trained quickly.
The kids heard something moving in the woods.
What about the baby?
Maybe so. Maybe so, anyway, the baby is alive and safe.
They're kids, and you get out!
And your wife and your children...
Don't be a kid, Meral.
Who knows, maybe you'll have wonderful kids.
It is said that more beautiful children are born to those who truly love them.
- Hey, don't be like a kid.
No, my children.
Stan, I told the kids I was seeing you today.
Freedom? You know, they're like kids.
Look, I, you, Edna, I get it. ...the police, and 80 million readers of 463 newspapers from Maine to Honolulu, even my children know that you killed her and dumped her body in cement.
- Do you have two charming kids?
You know, with Edna and the kids, and payments for a house in Scartsdell and, of course, a lot of insurance.
Kids, come into our arms. Unbelievable.
- The baby's gonna get a heart attack.
The baby-- you think it's easy?
Even so. Then the children will be born.
Why don't you have kids?
Do you have children?
This is my only son, sir... and he has a little child.
I have a wife, children,
You're just like a child...
You're a child...
I fell in love with you... because you're just such a kid.
I've got two kids!
Save and protect my son Ivan, and remember the souls of my children, Michael, Danilah.
In the crèches, the ripen, among the animals, bowed to the sleep of the great God. Palagna, where's my baby?
Tomorrow, God wouldn't give them children and Palagna would steal...
When I was a kid, a man caused me unbearable evil.
She came and brought her three children.
I knew what he really was, and I still had three kids!
"Come with me, and you and the kids."
How could I bring the children of a man who took his wife and daughter from him?
I put up with everything for the kids.
I thought I'd take the kids to my father and surrender myself to the authorities.
My children... what will happen to them?
Children.
Send the kids and Sahati to him.
The kids ran away!
But when I think about my wife and kids, I drink more.
And she had a baby on her back.
Your baby?
My own wife... stood in front of me and fed the baby to another man.
I don't know anything about her husband or the baby.
Why did you want to dress up like this?
What does a child have to suffer for?
When I left for Nagasaki, she was just a kid.
And my brothers are just kids.
You have a baby?
I want a baby, Stephen.
At that time, some children were eating human food.
There were women and children, Lara, and they were pushed by horses.
I'm with my wife and kid.
What will you do with your wife and child in Varykino?
I'm sorry, but I have a wife and a kid in Varykino.
I had a wife and four kids.
We took him away from his wife and child.
You have to take care of the baby!
We'd have a wedding, we'd have a house and kids.
If we had kids, Yuri, would you want a girl or a boy?
Or is your sensitivity so inordinate that you will sacrifice a woman and a child to her?
I'm expecting a baby from Yuri.
Just like a lot of other kids.
She came to Moscow to look for her child.
Yeah, I know that, doctor-- we used to look at them from the boat when I was a kid.
And then they say I panic, scare the kids, and demoralize the police.
The little sausage for the kids is done and put on the back.
Children. Regular kids, kids again.
Stupid kids.
The children will be proud of her.
I'm kind of a kid, Keith... I can take care of myself.
I've been calling home for an hour, my kids have been left unattended, and nobody's picking up the phone.
Tess, you're such a kid!
Yeah, you're just a kid.
- Nebhu was just a kid.
- I was just a kid.
I don't know what to say. The teachers of Dobrah and the children are chewing on them nicely.
That's how he's gonna be. When it's cursed, I'm right, like a child.
Calm down. The baby didn't mean anything like that.
- You're a kid!
- I'm not a kid, Gordon.
Now I'm grown up and I don't act like a kid anymore. I'm gonna be okay.
She's your baby.
- Get your hands off my baby!
You don't care what happens to the baby?
She's not a kid anymore, Rosanna.
I'll teach your children.
Are you a mullah to teach our children?
Tell me, why are our kids at school? Why?
You don't want your kids to go to school and become literate people?
So why don't you obey this paper where it says, "You have to teach your kids?" There's a seal of Soviet power.
They don't send their children to school here.
Who told you this counter-revolution? Kids!
Kids! World capital is looking for a loophole in our ranks.
You must be smarter than the Bay kids.
See how babies are babysitting!
You know why you don't have kids?
You're gonna sleep at my place. Kids!
You're talking to an old man. What example do you set for your children?
You took all the kids from me.
And now people are ashamed to look in the eyes. You came here to teach the kids, and what did you do?
No mother will let the children go to you now.
Cut off your ears, you'd rip out your tongues. Because you're enemies to your children. You don't want your children to know the world better than you do.
I want your kids to learn.
But we don't want our kids to die because of your school. You better get out of our ail.
And in this school, your children will be studying. And the children of your children. And I won't teach them.
They're just kids.
You want to hook up with your wife and kids in your house, don't you?
Like two children in love.
The world of sick children, crazy, dwarfs, kalecks, jokes dressed by princes, who were supposed to laugh at themselves and make fun of those who stood above the law.
Of course, 'cause Johnny the Guitar is coming, the kids need to be raised.
I'm not going, I'd rather stay with the kids.
- She loves kids.
The radio said 115 guerrillas, which causes no reaction. And each one of them was a person, and no one knows if he loved his wife, if he had children, which he preferred: cinema or theatre.
Are the kids okay?
For he said, "Whosoever leaves his father, his mother, his brothers, his wife, his children, his possessions for my cause, will be rewarded a hundred times and will inherit everlasting life."
Kids, kids.
- There's seven kids.
Seven kids?
Do you love kids?
My wife died, he's alone with the kids.
Captain, seven kids.
Change your clothes before you go to the kids.
Something wrong with the kids?
Not with the kids, with the governess.
Kids will help.
They're whistling dogs, not kids.
Kids, everyone go for a walk.
- Good evening, children.
Kids, I'm going to Vienna in the morning.
- Not to me, to the kids.
Kids don't play. They're marching.
Even children.
The kids will have a mother.
The kids were scared of the thunderstorms, and I...
Did you hear that, kids?
- But they're kids.
Such lovely children are already lecherous.
Where are the kids?
And these... are my children.
Is it true that my children climbed trees?
Kids like it.
And my kids are walking around the Saltsburg... in old curtains?
- Nonsense. - Kids can't play it.
Children.
Kids?
You have such wonderful kids.
I don't know my kids.
These are your children.
My kids won't sing in public.
Kids, who's... who's gonna be next?
Kids, it's time for bed.
It's time for the kids to go to bed.
Captain von Trump's children wish you a good night.
You should be proud of such children.
What better way to express the greatness of our country than the innocent voices of children?
I want to see these kids at the festival.
Yeah, kids?
I'm sorry, kids, but Maria's alone.
The children of von Trump, Mother.
My kids shouldn't lock up.
My kids shouldn't be late.
Even with the kids.
The kids said it was a wedding.
Missed the kids.
- Only for the kids?
- Kids?
Hasn't he been in touch with the kids for a month?
Do men often communicate... after marriage with their children?
Seven children in the family.
If the kids don't sing, it's gonna affect Austria.
Gather the kids.
And my back hurts, and my heart hurts when I think the kids won't go to the festival.
It's just the names of the kids.
And the night air is bad for the kids.
- Kids...
Children.
What is your sin, children?
- Misako, not in front of the kids!
And have kids.
Shizuo. Aren't you expecting a baby?
- That kid would be miserable.
- I have a wife and a baby here.
You treat me like a sick person or a child.
For whom 80,000 people lived in a field without wives, mothers, children, without participation in all the interests of civil life, lived and moved in a stranger, unknown edge, field, road, forest,
Why did you bring the baby there?
Why is there a kid in there?
Or was it a baby?
Children under 15 years of age and their mothers.
Children aged 19 and 21.
Gather all the children!
I just want my kids to grow up, that's all.
I just want my kids to be healthy and... so that this poison doesn't ruin their bones.
Because of her constant exposure to radiation, she doesn't know if her child will be born alive.
These children were orphaned by the attack.
The number of thermonuclear weapons in the world has doubled over the past five years, and now, in equivalent terms, 20 tons of explosives per man, woman and child on the planet.
"Why just make kids when you can float in the clouds of Love?"
You're guilty of Jennifer Hayes' death. Which was supposed to give birth to your bastard child.
What about the girl who wore your baby?
I hope you kids know how to fly a ship... because I can't.
However, Alpha Control reported that Dr. John Robinson, his wife Maureen and their children, Judy, Penny and Will, are still undergoing a routine medical examination.
You're on all the streets, in all the houses, you've taken their children!
- She's not my daughter, she's the dead kid.
Mom, Dad, Mickey and the baby.
You're just a kid, and you don't know what you're talking about.
Stupid kid!
Stupid kid!
They're kids.
Hmm, "children," as you called them, grew up.
I'm a sad man who deprives children of a piece of bread from thieves!
Oh, good morning, my children.
- Good afternoon, my children. Good day.
Only the children were spared for work.
We're not kids.
I mean, even a kid could handle it.
None of you have any idea how to treat children.
I'm telling you, these kids aren't for your paintings.
Our computer network contains precise chemical samples of every man, woman and child of our solar system.
It's a weapon on a big beast. And this hunt isn't for kids.
Kids, be quiet, please.
What you learned here is love for children, for people...
Love for children, for people and for society.
And I have two great, smart kids, Dos and Cathy.
Korra's coming tomorrow with the kids.
For my children.
- Any kids?
Our neighbor, Yeshioka, now has a child.
If you get a dose of radiation, it's important to know if it's gonna affect the kids. Worrying.
Children
What do you want? Kill the baby?
And yet... you didn't lie to that poor kid.
What do I care about the kids?
Now let the other kids try.
I never thought in this village kids were carrying guns.
Come on, let's go inside, the other kids will be here soon.
And you know, José Maria, don't give me any more of these signs, because the other kids are laughing at us and saying all sorts of nasty things.
To a priest, all the children are like his own, and to us, he's the only one.
What if you want to have your own children later?
Kids watched their parents die, whole families were destroyed.
But with the child's mind.
What about the kids, the little ones?
Children, Captain.
- Like animals. It's just kids.
The creature that attacked us was definitely not a child.
There are only children left.
But children become adults.
Is it possible that children who have reached this period catch up with the disease?
All the adults on this planet died 300 years ago, but there are lots of kids around.
Children instinctively need adults.
Obviously, due to a calculation error, the virus destroyed the entire adult population in a short time, spared only the children.
But then these kids...
- Old kids.
We're dealing with kids, though incredibly old.
Still, they're kids.
You couldn't get close to the other kids?
Children.
If nothing is done, in a few months the children will starve.
Or bat-bat, bad kid.
They're just kids.
It's just kids.
You're gonna scare the kid.
This pleasure is meant for the children of our children, many years later.
It's for our children and grandchildren, so they can watch it grow gradually when time passes.
Your English soldiers did not leave a quarter of the men, women and children.
When I was a kid, we lived across from the brewery.
Workman, married, three children.
Good night, kids.
Bless you, Lord, my children.
What a child!
I, I have a wife and a little kid down there,
I wanted to do it, but now, promise me you'll be there to take care of the baby,
We're gonna make a lot of kids for Brancaleone's new castle.
We're gonna start a new life, we're gonna have a bunch of kids like you wanted.
Wife is a doctor. Two kids.
Kidskin loved kids.
But the inspector also loved the children, and gracefully did not yield to Detchchina.
You're talking like a three-year-old.
He sold cars, but gave money to the kids.
We just have kids together.
There are no children either.
Founded in 14 districts of this state, convicted of murder, armed robbery of citizens, public banks, and post offices, theft of sacred objects, arson of state prison, perjury, bigamy, abandonment of wife and children,
Fight to the last soldier and to the last child.
Our kids don't believe in Santa Claus anymore.
When a staff officer plays Indians and cowboys like a kid, it could cost us thousands of lives.
Have you ever noticed that we don't have children?
I want a baby.
But everyone has kids. And I want a baby.
You're a kid.
Our Hagans and Palms are great, brave guys, but as children of the same family, they're jealous of each other.
I'm scared. I'm losing a baby.
If we're sure the baby will be born with at least one friend in the world.
I lost the baby.
It's my baby, too.
Three pieces of bread a week for the kids, there's almost no water.
Now it's like giving a kid a balloon after the party.
- What kid did that?
Child.
- And Anna and the kids?
Children.
"These are my children.
Work year, two kids, and a good wife.
Everyone has bad kids, Leroy, Jack Rogers...
He's his wife, and I hope his future children,
We never had children. It's so hard.
McCormack... he's got a wife... and three kids.
And I want... we're gonna have a baby.
I don't want my kids looking at prison.
