It's a gift for a father. Very good.
It's long and pasty. Vasily Fedorovich is good, isn't she? 'He turned to the orderman, completely reconciling himself with him for the Greek under the influence of joy for the chick.'
'Whose evil is it to be in?'
And Semen, the next day you left, he came.
We'll have to dress up with him, Konstantin Dmitrich,' said the commander. 'I've reported the car to you before.
One question brought Levin into all the details of the farm, which was large and complex, and he went straight from the cowhouse to the office and, after talking to the orderman and to the Semen, returned home and walked straight upstairs into the living room.
The house was big, old, and Levin lived alone, but drowned and occupied the whole house.
He knew it was stupid, knew it wasn't even good and disgusted with his current new plans, but the house was the whole world for Levin.
It was the world in which his father and mother lived and died.
They lived a life that Levin felt to be the ideal of all perfection and that he wanted to resume with his wife, his family.
Levin barely remembered his mother.
The notion of her was a sacred memory to him, and his future wife must have been in his imagination a repetition of the lovely, holy ideal of a woman as his mother was to him.
Not only could he not imagine love for a woman without marriage, but he had previously imagined a family and then a woman who would give him a family.
His notions of marriage were therefore not similar to those of most of his acquaintances, for whom marriage was one of many dormitories; for Levin it was the main work of life on which all her happiness depended.
And now it had to be abandoned!
When he entered the small living room, where he always drank tea, and sat down in his chair with a book, and Agatha Mikhaylovna brought him tea and his usual, "I'll sit down, Father," sat down on a chair by the window, he felt that, strangely enough, he had not given up his dreams and that he could not live without them.
She's with someone else, but that's what's gonna happen.
He read the book, thinking about what he had read, stopping to listen to Agatha Mikhaylovna, who had not been tired of chatting; however, different pictures of the economy and future family life without connection seemed to his imagination.
He felt that in the depths of his soul something had been set up, died, and laid down.
He listened to Agatha Mikhaylovna's conversation about how Prohor forgot God and the money that Levin gave him to buy a horse, drinks without waking up, and beats his wife to death; he listened and read the book, and remembered the whole course of his reading thoughts.
It was Tindall's book about warmth.
He recalled his convictions to Tindal for his smugness in experimenting and for his lack of philosophical vision.
And suddenly there was a joyous thought, "In two years' time, I'm going to have two Dutch women in my flock, and Pava himself may still be alive, twelve young Berkut daughters, and put them on the gymnastic end of these three -- a miracle!"
He took the book again.
"Well, electricity and warmth are the same, but is it possible in the equation to set one value instead of another?
So what's it gonna be?
The connection between all the forces of nature already feels instinct...
It's particularly nice how Pavina's daughter's gonna be a red-peg cow, and all the herds in which you and these three...
Great!
To go out with my wife and guests to meet the herd...
My wife will say, Bones and I, as a child, have taken care of this chick.
How can you be so interested? The guest will say.
All he cares about is me.
But who is she?" And he remembered what happened in Moscow...
"Well, what should we do?
It's not my fault.
But now it's gonna be a new one.
That's nonsense that won't allow life, that the past won't.
You have to fight to make a better, much better life..."
He raised his head and thought.
The old Laska, who had not yet fully digested the joy of his arrival and was running to shine in the yard, returned, waving her tail and carrying the smell of air, came up to him, put her head under his hand, complainingly chewing, and demanding that he pat her down.
'But he does not speak,' said Agatha Mikhaylovna. 'And the dog...'
I mean, he knows the owner's here and he's bored.
'Why is it boring?'
'Didn't I see, Father?
It's time for me to know.
The irritations of the lords have grown.
Nothing, Father. It'd be good to have a clean conscience.
Levin stared at her, wondering how she understood his thoughts.
'Well, can I get you another cup of tea?' 'She said, and when she had taken the cup, she went out.'
Laska kept sticking her head under his arm.
He ironed her, and right at his feet, she folded her ring, putting her head on her paw.
And as a sign that everything was good and well now, she opened her mouth a little bit, kissed her lips and, better to put down her sticky lips near the old tooth, quieted in blissful calm.
Levin followed this latest movement closely.
"So did I!" he said to himself, "So did I!"
Nothing...
It's okay."
After the ball, early in the morning, Anna Arkadievna sent her husband a telegram about her departure from Moscow on the same day.
'No, I have to, I have to go,' she explained to the daughter-in-law the change of purpose in such a tone that she remembered so many things that you wouldn't read them, 'no, better now!'
Stepan Arkadić didn't eat at home, but he promised to see his sister at seven o'clock.
Kitty didn't come either, sending a note that she had a headache.
Dolly and Anna had lunch alone with the children and the English woman.
Is it because the children are unstable or very sensitive and feel that Anna is not at all like the one who loved her so much that she is no longer busy with them -- but only suddenly they stopped playing with her aunt and love for her, and they weren't really occupied by her leaving.
Anna's been busy getting ready to leave all morning. She wrote notes to Moscow's acquaintances, wrote down her accounts, and laid down.
In fact, Dolly seemed not to be in a calm spirit, but in a spirit of care that Dolly knew well for herself and found that it was not for no reason and that most of it was a cover for displeasure.
After lunch, Anna went to dress in her room, and Dolly followed her.
'How strange you are today!' said Dolly to her.
'I am? Do you find it?
I'm not weird, but I'm bad.
Uh, it happens to me.
I want to cry.
It's very silly, but it's going on,' said Anna quickly, and turned her red face to the toy bag in which she was putting her nightcap and her waist handkerchief.
Her eyes were particularly glittering, and her eyes were constantly ruffled with tears. 'So I didn't want to leave Petersburg, and now I don't want to leave.'
'You came here and did a good deed,' said Dolly, looking closely at it.
Anna looked at her with her eyes wet with tears.
'Don't say that, Dolly.
I didn't do anything, I couldn't do it.
I often wonder why people conspired to ruin me.
What did I do and what could I do?
You have so much love in your heart to forgive...
'God knows what would have happened without you!
How happy you are, Anna!' said Dolly. 'Your heart is clear and fine.
'They all have their skeletons in their souls, as the English say.
'What are your sceletons like?
You're so clear.
'Yes!' said Anna all of a sudden, and suddenly, after tears, a sneaky, laughing smile wrinkled her lips.
'Well, they're funny, your sceletons, not dark ones,' said Dolly, smiling.
Do you know why I'm going today instead of tomorrow? This is a confession that pressured me, and I want to make it to you,' said Anna, stabbingly on the chair and looking straight into Dolly's eyes.
And to her surprise, Dolly saw that Anna had blushed to her ears, to the curling black rings of hair on her neck.
'Yes,' continued Anna. 'Do you know why Kitty didn't come for lunch?'
She's jealous of me.
I messed up... I was the reason this ball was torture for her, not joy.
But, right, right, right, it's not my fault, or it's my fault a little bit,' she said, with a thin voice extending the word "a little."
'Oh, it looks like you said it to Steve!' said Dolly laughing.
Anna was insulted.
'Oh, no, no! I am not Steve,' she said, frowning. 'I'm telling you that I don't even allow myself to doubt myself for a moment,' said Anna.
But the minute she spoke those words, she felt that they were unfair; not only did she doubt herself, she felt anxious at the thought of Bronsk, and she left more than she wanted to, just to stop seeing him.
'Yes, Steve told me that you danced the ointment with him and that he...
'You can't imagine how funny it was.'
I was just thinking about grabbing, and all of a sudden, it's different.
Maybe I'm against my will...
She blushed and stopped.
'Oh, they feel it now!' said Dolly.
'But I would be desperate if there was anything serious on his part,' interrupted Anna. 'And I am sure that this will all be forgotten and Kitty will cease to hate me.
'Oh, Anna, to tell you the truth, I don't really want this marriage for Kitty. And it's better if he can fall in love with you in one day.
'Oh, my God, that would be so silly!' said Anna, and again, the thick paint of pleasure appeared on her face when she heard what she was thinking, spoken out in words. 'Well, I am leaving, making myself an enemy to Kitty, whom I have loved so much.'
Oh, she's so cute!
But you're gonna fix this, Dolly?
Yeah?
Dolly could barely hold a smile.
She loved Anna, but she was pleased to see that she too had weaknesses.
'Enemy?'
It can't be.
'I wish you all loved me as I love you; and now I have loved you even more,' she said with tears before her eyes. 'Ah, I am so stupid now!
She put a handkerchief on her face and started dressing.
A late Stepan Arkadić arrived just before he left, with a red face, a funny face, and a smell of wine and cigars.
Anna's sensitivity was reported to Dolly, and when she last hugged the sister-in-law, she whispered:
'Remember, Anna, what you have done for me, I will never forget.' And remember that I loved you and will always love you as my best friend!
'I do not understand why,' said Anna, kissing her and hiding her tears.
'You understand and understand.'
Goodbye, my darling!
"Well, it's over, and thank God!" 'It was the first thought that came to Anna Arkadievna, when she last said goodbye to her brother, who, until the third call, blocked the way in the car.
She sat on her couch, next to Annushka, and looked around in a sleeping car half-light.
"Thank God I'm gonna see Serez and Alexei Alexandrovich tomorrow, and my life is gonna go well and normal, old-fashioned."
Still, in the same spirit of concern that she had been in all that day, Anna had been happy and clear on the road; with her small hands, she opened and locked a red bag, took out a pillow, put herself on her knees, and carefully wrapped her legs and sat down.
The sick lady was sleeping.
The other two ladies talked to her, and the fat old lady curled up her legs and made comments about the top.
Anna answered a few words to the ladies, but without foreseeing interest in the conversation, she asked Annushka to get a flashlight, attached it to the arm of the chair, and took a cut knife and an English novel from her purse.
She wasn't read to her at first.
First, the climbing and walking were hindered; then, when the train was moved, one could not ignore the sounds; then the snow that hit the left window and stuck on the glass, and the view of the past conductor, which had snowed on one side, and the talk of what a terrible blizzard in the yard was now, entertaining her attention.
The same thing went on; the same trembling with the knocking, the same snow through the window, the same rapid transitions from steam heat to cold and again to heat, the same shivering of the same faces in the middle of darkness and the same voices, and Anna began to read and understand what was being read.
Annushka was already asleep, holding a red bag on her knees with wide arms in gloves, one of which was torn.
Anna Arkadyevna read and understood, but she did not feel comfortable reading, that is, following the reflection of other people's lives.
She wanted to live too much.
She wanted to walk around the patient's room unheard; whether she had read about how a member of Parliament spoke; whether she had read about how Lady Mary was riding the pack and teasing the daughter-in-law and surprised everyone with her courage; she wanted to do so herself.
But there was nothing to do, and she used her little hands to use a smooth knife to increase her reading.
The hero of the novel had already begun to reach her English happiness, baronecy, and wealth, and Anna wanted to go with him in that property, as she suddenly felt that she should be ashamed of him and that she was ashamed of him. But why is he ashamed?
"Why am I ashamed?" 'She asked herself with insult.'
She left the book and leaned on the back of the chair with a sliced knife in both hands.
There was nothing to be ashamed of.
She's had too many of her Moscow memories.
Everyone was good, nice.
I remembered the ball, and I remembered his humble face and his lover, and I remembered all my relationship with him: nothing was ashamed.
At the same time, in this very place of memories, the sense of shame was heightened, as if some inner voice was here when she remembered Wronsk, saying to her, "Terror, very warm, hot."
"Well? 'She said to herself with determination, sitting in a chair.' 'What does that mean?
Am I afraid to look directly at this?
Well?
Can there be any relationship between me and this boy officer other than that of every acquaintance?"
She laughed in contempt and went back to the book, but she could no longer understand what she had read.
She cut a knife through the glass, then attached a smooth and cold surface to her cheek, and almost laughed out of joy, suddenly without cause.
She felt that her nerves, like strings, were getting tight and tight on some kind of curly punk.
She felt that her eyes were opening up more and more, that her fingers were moving nervously on her arms and legs, that there was something inside that was suffocating her breath, and that all the images and sounds in that fussing half-dark with extraordinary brightness struck her.
There were constant moments of doubt as to whether the train was moving forward or backwards or even standing at all. Is Annushka near her, or is he a stranger?
"What is it, on a pen, is it a coat or a beast?
What am I doing here?
Am I the one or the other?"
She was afraid to give up on it.
But something dragged into it, and she could at random give it up and abstain.
She came up to remember, tossed off her blanket and took off her warm-weather pellet.
For a moment, she remembered and realized that the thin man who came in in with the long nanny coat missing the buttons was a stunt, that he was looking at the thermometer, that the wind and the snow had broken into the door after him; but then it was all mixed up again...
The man with the long waist began to bite something in the wall, the old lady stretched her legs all over the length of the car and filled it with a black cloud; then something creepy and squealed, as if someone had been ripped apart; then the red fire blinded her eyes, and then everything was covered with a wall.
Anna felt that she had failed.
But it wasn't scary, it was fun.
The voice of a wrapped and snowed man screamed something over her ear.
She came up and remembered; she realized that she was approaching the station and that it was the conductor.
She asked Annushka to give her a handkerchief and a handkerchief, put them on, and headed to the door.
'Will you come out?' 'Annushka asked.'
'Yes, I want to breathe.'
It's very hot in here.
And she opened the door.
The wind and the wind broke into her face and argued with her about the door.
And she thought it was fun.
She opened the door and came out.
It was as if the wind had just been waiting for her, had gotten excited and wanted to pick her up and carry her away, but she took her hand to the cold pole and, holding the dress, went down to the platform and went back to the car.
The wind was strong on the wing, but the platform behind the cars was quiet.
With pleasure, full of breasts, she breathed into herself the snowy, cold air and, standing under the wagon, looked around the platform and the lighted station.
A terrible storm broke and whistled between the wheels of the wagons on the poles at the corner of the station.
Wagons, poles, people, all that was seen -- were brought in on one side by snow and carried in more and more.
The storm quieted for a moment, but then it came again with such impulses that it seemed impossible to resist it.
Meanwhile, some people were running around, having fun talking, squeaking on the platform boards and always opening and closing the big doors.
A man's bent shadow slipped under her feet and heard the sound of a hammer on the gland.
"Give it to me!" 'There was an angry voice on the other side of the stormy darkness.
"Wait here! N28!" &lt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &gt; &lt; &lt;i&gt; &gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &
Some two masters with fire papyros in their mouths passed her.
She sighed again to breathe, and she had already taken her hand out of the mufta to pick up the pole and enter the wagon, just as another man in a military coat under her own cover covered her with the fuzzy light of the lantern.
She looked back and recognized the face of Wronski at the same moment.
By sticking his hand to the visor, he leaned in front of her and asked if she needed anything, could he serve her?
She looked at him for a long time, without answering anything, and despite the shadow he was standing in, she saw, or she thought she had seen, and the look on his face and on his eye.
It was again an expression of respectable admiration that affected her so much yesterday.
On many occasions she has told herself these last days, and now only one of the hundreds of eternally the same young people she has met, that she will never allow herself to think about him; but now, in the first moment of meeting him, she is filled with joyous pride.
She didn't have to ask why he was here.
She knew it as well as if he told her he was here to be where she was.
'I didn't know you were coming.
Why are you going? 'She said, by putting her hand down, which was at the stake.'
And the unstoppable joy and rejuvenation glowed on her face.
'Why am I going? 'He repeated, looking straight into her eyes.' 'You know, I'm going to be where you are,' he said, 'I can't be different.
And at the same time, as if it were an obstacle, the wind snowed on the roofs of the wagons, blazed with some iron-split sheet, and blazingly and darkly in front of it was the thick whistle of the steam.
All the horror of the blizzards seemed even more beautiful now.
He said what her soul desired, but she feared reason.
She didn't answer anything, and he saw a struggle on her face.
'Excuse me, if you dislike what I have said,' he said with humility.
He spoke politely, respectfully, but so firmly and steadfastly that she had been unable to respond for a long time.
'It's a bad thing you're saying, and I beg you, if you're a good person, forget what you said, as I will forget,' she said at last.
'No word of yours, no movement of yours I will never forget, nor can I...'
'That's enough, that's enough!' she cried, in vain, seeking to give a strict expression to his face, which he was greedyly looking at.
And when she took her hand by the cold pillar, she went up to the steps, and entered quickly into the shade of the wagon.
But in these little hays, she stopped thinking about what she was.
Without remembering her or his words, she realized that the moment's conversation had brought them very close together, and she was frightened and happy with it.
After a few seconds, she entered the car and sat in her seat.
The magical tense state that she was experiencing at first, not only resumed, but increased to the point that she was afraid that something too tight would break up in her at any moment.
She was up all night. But there was nothing unpleasant or sombre about the tension and the dream that filled her imagination; on the contrary, there was something joyful, burning, and exciting.
By morning, Anna was asleep sitting in a chair, and when she woke up, it was white, light, and the train approached Petersburg.
At once, the thoughts of the house, of the husband, of the son, and of the cares of the day to come, and of the next, went beyond her.
In Petersburg, a train just stopped and she left, the first person to draw her attention was the face of her husband.
"Oh, my God! Why did he have such ears?" 'She thought, looking at his cold and representative figure, and especially at those who have now smitten her ears, which have set up fields of round hats.'
When he saw her, he met her, folded his lips into his usual laughing smile and looked straight at her with big tired eyes.
Some unpleasant feeling hurt her heart when she met his obstinate and tired look, as if she expected to see him to others.
In particular, she was struck by the frustration she felt when she met him.
It was a long-standing, familiar feeling, similar to the state of pretence she had experienced in her relationship with her husband; but she had not previously noticed that feeling, and now she knew it clearly and painfully.
'Yes, as you can see, the gentle husband, like another year's marriage, was burning to see you,' he said with his slow, thin voice and the tone that he had always almost used with her, the tone of ridicule against someone who would actually say that,
'Serezha is well? 'She asked.'
'And this is all the reward,' he said, 'for my passion?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
He didn't try to sleep all night.
He sat on his chair, looking straight ahead, looking back and forth; and even if he had struck and disturbed strangers with his unflinching view of calm, he now seemed even more proud and self-satisfied.
He looked at people like things.
A young nervous man in the district court who sat against him hated him for that species.
A young man and he smoked at his place, and he talked to him, and even pushed him to make him feel that he was not a thing, but a man, but he looked at him the same way he looked at a lamp, and a young man made his face feel like he was losing his temper under the pressure of this unrecognition by his man.
Vronsky didn't see anyone.
He felt like king not because he believed that he had impressed Anna -- he had not yet believed it -- but because the impression she had made on him gave him happiness and pride.
What's gonna come out of this, he didn't know, and he didn't even think about it.
He felt that all his decomposed, scattered forces had been gathered together, and with terrible energy had been directed toward the same happy goal.
And he was happy about it.
All he knew was that he told her the truth, that he was going where she was, that all the happiness of life, the only purpose of life now was to see and hear her.
And when he came out of the car in Bologov to drink celery water, and saw Anna, his first word said to her, willingly, what he thought.
And he was glad he told her that, that she knew that now and thought about it.
He was up all night.
When he returned to his car, he kept going through all the places in which he had seen her, all her words, and in his imagination, making his heart die, there were pictures of a possible future.
When he left the car in Petersburg, he felt alive and fresh after a sleepless night, like after a cold bathtub.
He stopped by his car waiting for her to leave.
"I'll see her again," he said to himself, smiling involuntarily, "I'll see her walk, her face; he'll say something, turn his head, look, smile, maybe."
But before he saw her, he saw her husband, whom the station manager politely led between the crowd.
"Oh, yes! "Her husband!"
Now it was only for the first time that he understood clearly that the husband was connected to her.
He knew that she had a husband but did not believe in his existence and believed in him quite fully only when he saw him, with his head, shoulders, and legs in black pantalons; especially when he saw the husband take her hand with a sense of ownership.
When he saw Alexey Alexandrovich with his peterburger face and a highly confident figure, a round hat, with a slightly outstanding back, he believed in him and felt an unpleasant feeling, like a man who was thirsty and well-nigh and found a dog, a sheep, or a pig in that source, who had also drank and blown up the water.
Alexey Alexandrovich's walk, with all his pelvis and stupid legs, especially insulted him. He only recognized for himself the absolute right to love her.
But she was still the same; and her kind still, physically reanimating, exhilarating, and filling his soul with happiness, affected him.
He ordered a second-class German lacey runner to pick up his things and drive, and he came to her.
He saw the husband's first meeting with his wife and noticed with the insight of a lover a sign of ease with which she spoke to her husband.
"No, she does not love and cannot love him," he decided with himself.
Even as he approached Anna Arkadievna from behind, he noted with joy that she felt his approach and looked back and, after learning him, turned to her husband again.
'Did you have a good night?' 'He said, bowing before her and before his husband together, and giving Alexey Alexandrovich to take this bow in his own account and to know him or not to know what he would like.'
'Thank you very well,' she replied.
Her face seemed tired, and there was no game on him that threw it into the smile and into the eyes of the recovery; but for one moment when she looked at him, something shone in her eyes, and even though the fire was now dead, he was happy with that moment.
She looked at her husband to see if he knew Vronsky.
Alexei Alexandrovich looked down at Wronsky with displeasure, reminiscently reminiscent of who he was.
Vronsky's calmness and self-confidence here, like a goat on a rock, came upon the cold self - confidence of Alexey Alexandrovich.
'The Count of Wronsky,' said Anna.
'Ah!
We know each other, I think,' said Alexi Alexandrovich with indifference, giving up his hand. 'There she went with her mother and back with her son,' he said, speaking clearly as a ruble of every word. 'You're from vacation, aren't you? 'He said, and without waiting for the answer, turned to his wife with his jesting tone, 'Well, many tears were shed in Moscow when he was separated?'
In his appeal to his wife, he made him feel that he wanted to be alone, and turned to him and touched his hat; but he turned to Anna Arkadievna:
'I hope to have the honour to be with you,' he said.
Alexey Alexandrovich took a tired look at Wronsky.
'It is very good,' he said, cold, 'we accept on Mondays. 'Then, when he had released himself, he said to his wife, 'And how good it was that I had had half an hour to meet you, and that I could show you my tenderness,' he continued with the same joke tone.
'You've already stressed your tenderness too much for me to appreciate,' she said, with the same joke tone, involuntarily listening to the sounds of the steps of Wronsky following them.
"But what's in it for me?" 'She thought and began to ask her husband how she spent her time with Serezha without her.'
'Oh, great!
Mariette says he was very nice and... I should disappoint you... not as much as your husband did.
But once again, my friend, who gave me the day.
Our lovely samurai will be thrilled...
(He himself called the famous Countess Lydia Ivanovna because she was always worried and excited about everything.)
She asked about you.
And you know, if I dare to advise you, you'd go see her today.
'Cause she's got a heartache about everything.
She is now, apart from all her troubles, engaged in reconciliation of the Oblons.
The Countess Lydia Ivanovna was a friend of her husband and the center of one of the peterburgs with whom Anna was closest to the husband.
'Cause I wrote to her.
'But she needs everything in detail.
Go if you're not tired, my friend.
Well, Condratia's gonna give you the carriage, and I'm gonna go to the committee.
I will have dinner again with more than one man,' he continued with a joke tone. 'You wouldn't believe how used I am to...'
And when he squeezed her hand for a long time, he put her in the carriage with a special smile.
The first person to meet Anna at home was a son.
He jumped up the stairs to her, in spite of the governess screaming, and he screamed, "Mommy, mom!"
When he got to her, he hung around her neck.
'I told you that Mother!' he cried to the governess. 'I knew it!
And the son, like the husband, made a sense of disappointment in Anna.
She imagined him better than he really was.
She had to go down to reality to enjoy him like this, okay-- he was a cow.
But also as he was, he was adorable with his squirrels, blue eyes, and full of thin legs in tight stockings.
Anna enjoyed almost physically the feeling of intimacy and affection and moral calm when she met his simple, trusting, loving eyes and listened to his naive questions.
Anna brought out the gifts that Dolly's children sent and told her son what a young girl Tanya is in Moscow and how Tanya can read and teach even other children.
'What, am I worse than her?' 'Serezha asked.'
'It's better for me than anyone else in the world.
'I know that,' said Serezha, smiling.
Anna hadn't had time to get her coffee before she was reported to Countess Lydia Ivanovna.
The Countess Lydia Ivanovna was a tall, full woman with an unhealthy yellow face and beautiful thoughtful black eyes.
Anna loved her, but today it's like she saw her for the first time with all her flaws.
'Well, my friend, have the olive branch been torn down?' 'Ask the Countess Lydia Ivanovna, just entered the room.
'Yes, it was all over, but it wasn't as important as we thought,' Anna replied. 'In fact, my belle soeur is too determined.'
But Countess Lydia Ivanovna, who had no prior interest in her, had the habit of never listening to what she was interested in; she interrupted Anna.
'Yes, a lot of grief and evil in the world, and I am so exhausted today.
'Why? 'I asked Anna, trying to keep her smile.'
'I'm starting to get tired of smashing copies for the truth, and sometimes I'm all over the place.
The case of the sisters (it was a philanthropy, a religious-patriotic institution) went well, but nothing can be done with these gentlemen,' added Countess Lydia Ivanovna with a mocking submission to fate. 'They grasped the thought, disfigured it, and then discussed so little and little.'
Two or three people, including your husband, understand the meaning of this case, and others just drop it.
Trudy wrote to me yesterday...
The truth was a famous panslavist abroad, and Countess Lydia Ivanovna described the contents of the letter.
The Countess then spoke of further troubles and plots against the connection of churches and left in haste, as she had to be at a meeting of a certain society and in the Slavian Committee on that day.
"But why have I not seen this before? 'Anna said to herself. 'Or is it very pissed off these days?'
And indeed, it is funny: the purpose of virtue is a Christian, and she is still angry with all her enemies and all her enemies of Christianity and virtue."
After Countess Lydia Ivanovna came a friend, the director's wife, and told all the city news.
At three o'clock, she left, promised to come to dinner.
Alexei Alexandrovich was at the Ministry.
When she was alone, Anna took time to attend her son's lunch (he had lunch separately) and to clean up her belongings, read and respond to the notes and letters that she had gathered on her desk.
The sense of uncathed shame she felt dearly, and the excitement completely disappeared.
Under normal living conditions, she was once again feeling firm and impeccable.
She was surprised to remember her condition yesterday.
"What was it?
The foolishness that was easy to put an end to, and I answered it the way I had to.
You don't and you don't have to talk to your husband about it.
Talking about it means giving priority to things that don't have it."
She recalled how she described the almost confession made to her in Petersburg by her husband's young subordinate, and how Aleksei Alexandrovich replied that, living in light, any woman could be subjected to it, but that he trusted her with a very good attitude and would never allow himself to be humiliated by her and himself into jealousy.
"You don't have to say anything, do you?
Yes, thank God, and there's nothing to say,' she said to herself.
Aleksey Alexandrovich returned from the Ministry at four o'clock, but as was often the case, he did not have time to enter her.
He went to the office to receive the pending applicants and to sign some of the papers submitted by the head of the files.
An old cousin, Alexey Alexandrovich, director of the department with his wife, and a young man who had been recommended to Alexei Alexandrovich for service, arrived at the luncheon (always three people at the Karenni's house).
Anna went into the living room to borrow them.
At exactly five o'clock, Petra I's bronze clock failed to complete the fifth strike, when he came out in a white tie and a fracco with two stars, as he had to go this afternoon.
Every minute of Alexei Alexandrovich's life was occupied and distributed. And in order to do what he had to do every day, he was very careful.
"Without haste and without rest," was his motto.
He entered the hall, bowed with everyone, and sat down in haste, smiling at his wife.
'Yes, my privacy is over.
You're not gonna believe how embarrassing it is to have lunch alone.
At lunch, he spoke to his wife about Moscow's affairs with a laughing smile asking about Stepan Arkadyić; but the conversation was mostly general, about Peterburg's official and public affairs.
After lunch, he spent half an hour with his guests and, again with a smile, shook his wife's hand, went out and left for the council.
Anna didn't go to the Princess Betsy Tverska this time, who, after learning of her arrival, called her tonight, or to the theater where she had a bed today.
She didn't go primarily because the dress she was counting on wasn't ready.
In fact, after the guests left, Anna was very annoyed.
Before she left for Moscow, she gave three dresses to a fashionist.
The dress had to be changed so that they couldn't be recognized and they had to be ready three days ago. Turns out two dresses weren't ready at all, and one wasn't what Anna wanted.
Modist came to explain, claiming that it would be better, and Anna got so excited that she was ashamed to remember later.
To calm down, she went to the nursery and spent the evening with her son, put him to sleep, crossed him and covered him with a blanket.
She was glad she didn't go anywhere and had such a good night.
It was so easy and calm, so clearly she saw that all that seemed to her on the railroad was just one of the usual pitiful times of secular life, and that she had nothing to be ashamed of before or before her.
Anna sat down at the fireplace with an English novel and waited for her husband.
At exactly half past ten, he heard his call, and he walked into the room. 'At last you!' she said, reaching out to him.
He kissed her hand and hooked up with her.
'In fact, I can see that your trip was successful,' he said to her.
'Yes, very,' she answered, and began to tell him at first: her journey with Vronskoi, her arrival, the train accident.
Then I told her how sorry I was for my brother first, then Dolly.
'I do not think it is possible to apologise to such a man, even though he is your brother,' said Alexis Alexandrovich strictly.
Anna smiled.
She realized that he had said that precisely to show that family considerations could not stop him from expressing his sincere opinion.
She knew that line in her husband and loved her.
'I am glad that it ended well and that you have come,' he continued. 'Well, what do they say about the new position I held on the council?
Anna heard nothing about this situation, and she became ashamed that she could easily forget what was so important to him.
'Here, on the contrary, it made a lot of noise,' he said with a smug smile.
She saw that Alexei Alexandrovich wanted to tell her something nice about this case, and she asked him questions about it.
He gave the same smug smile about the ovations that had been made to him as a result of that situation.
'I was very, very pleased.
This proves that we are finally beginning to have a reasonable and firm view of the matter.
After having finished his second cup of tea with cream and bread, Alexis Alexandrovich got up and went to his office.
'And you didn't go anywhere; you were bored, weren't you? 'He said.'
'Oh, no!' she answered, standing up after him and walking him through the room into the office. 'What are you reading now? 'She asked.'
'Now I read Duc de Lille, "Poese des enfers", he replied. 'Very wonderful book.
Anna smiled as she smiled at the weaknesses of loved ones, and by putting her hand under him, she led him to the door of the office.
She knew his habit of reading in the evening.
She knew that, despite having absorbed almost all of his duties, he felt obliged to look after all the wonderful things that had appeared in the mental sphere.
She also knew that he was really interested in books, political, philosophical, religious, that the art was totally alien to him in nature, but that, despite that, or better because of it, he did not miss anything that made a noise in that area and felt obliged to read everything.
She knew that, in the fields of politics, philosophy, and theology, Aleksandrovich doubted or sought; but in the field of art and poetry, especially music, which he had been completely devoid of understanding, he had certain and firm opinions.
He liked to talk about Shakespeare, Rafael, Beethoven, the importance of new schools of poetry and music, all of which were distributed with very clear sequences.
'Well, God is with you,' she said, at the door of the office, where he had already been prepared with an abajour on a candle and a Countess of Water by the chair. 'And I will write to Moscow.
He shook her hand and kissed her again.
'He is still a good man, truthful, kind and wonderful in her field,' said Anna to herself, returning to herself, as if defending him in front of someone who accused him and said that he could not be loved. 'But that his ears are so strangely spouting!
Or did he cut his hair?"
Exactly at 12 o'clock, while Anna was still sitting at the writing table, writing a letter to Dolly, the smooth steps in her shoes were heard, and Alexi Alexandrovich, washed up, brushed, with a book under her arm, approached her.
'It is time, it is time,' he said, especially smiling, and went into the bedroom.
"What right did he have to look at him like that?" 'I thought Anna, reminiscent of the look of Vronski at Alexei Alexandrovich.'
When she undressed, she entered the bedroom, but not only did her face not have the kind of recovery that had splashed out of her eyes and smiles in Moscow: on the contrary, the fire now seemed to have been put out in it or hidden far away.
XXXIV
On leaving Petersburg, Wronsky left his large apartment on the Seaman's friend and his beloved friend Petritzka.
Petritzka was a young sponsor, not only a noble and not only a rich man, but a circle in debt, always drunk by the evening, and often for different and funny and filthy stories, who came to the gauptwacht, but loved by his comrades and superiors.
Upon arriving at 12 o'clock from the railway to his apartment, he saw a carriage familiar to him at the entrance.
From behind the door to his phone he heard a man's laugh and a woman's voice and a Petrisky screaming, "If any of the villains are evil, he won't let go!"
He did not tell the daykeeper to talk about himself and slowly entered the first room.
Baroness Shelton, a friend of Petrisky's, sat in front of a round table, a cup of coffee, as a canary, filling the room with her Paris talk.
Petritzka was wearing a coat and a company of Kamerovsky in full shape, probably from the service, sitting around her.
'Bravo!
Vronsky!-- Petrisky screamed, jumping and greasy with a chair. 'The master himself!
Baroness, coffee from his new coffee pot.
Didn't expect it!
I hope you're happy with the adornment of your office,' he said, pointing to the Baroness. 'You know each other, don't you?
'Of course!' said Vronsky, smiling funly and shaking a small baroness pen. 'Oh, yes! He's an old friend.
'You're home from the road,' said the Baroness, 'I'm running.
Ah, I'll leave right away if I'm interrupting.
'You are home where you are, Baroness,' said Wronsky. 'Hello, Kamerovsky,' he added, shaking the hand of Kamerovsky coldly.
'You never know how to say such beautiful things,' said the Baroness to Petritz.
'No, why not?
I'll tell you as much after lunch as I can.
'In the afternoon, there is no merit! Well, I'll give you some coffee, go wash up and get out,' said the Baroness, again sitting down and caressingly turning a wine in a new coffee pot. 'Pier, give me some coffee,' she turned to Petritsky, whom she called Pierre, by his name, Petritzki, without hiding her relationship with him. 'I'll add.
'Damn it.
'No, I won't!
Well, what about your wife? 'Soonly, the Baroness said, interrupting his conversation with his companion.' 'We married you here.
Did you bring your wife?
'No, Baroness.
I'm born a gypsy and I'm gonna die a gypsy.
'The better, the better.
Give me your hand.
And the Baroness, while not letting him go, began to tell him, by kidding, her latest life plans and asking for his advice.
'He still doesn't want to divorce me!
What am I supposed to do?
(He was her husband.)
I want to start the process now.
How would you advise me?
Kamerovsky, look, after the coffee -- he's gone; you see, I'm busy!
I want the process because I need my condition.
Do you understand this stupidity that I seem to be wrong to him,' she said with contempt,' and that's why he wants to use my property.
He listened with pleasure to this hilarious babbling of a pretty woman, tempting her, giving her half-sympathetic advice, and, in general, immediately accepted his usual tone of dealing with this kind of woman.
In his Peterburg world, all people were divided into two completely opposite varieties.
One lower class: naughty, silly and, above all, funny people who believe that one husband has to live with one wife with whom he is married, that a girl has to be innocent, that woman has to be ashamed, that man is manly, that he has to raise his children, that he has to earn his bread, that he has to pay his debts -- and that she has to be stupid.
It was a class of old-fashioned and funny people.
But there was another kind of people, the real ones, to which they all belonged, in which you have to be, above all, elegant, beautiful, generous, brave, funny, giving up all your passions not red, and laughing at everything else.
It was only at the first minute that he was stunned after the impressions of a very different world brought by him from Moscow, but immediately, as if he had put his feet in old shoes, he entered his old happy and pleasant world.
The coffee never boiled, but it sprayed everyone and left and produced exactly what was needed, i.e., it caused noise and laughter, and it poured down an expensive carpet and a baroness dress.
'Well, goodbye now, or you will never wash yourself, and my conscience will be the chief crime of a decent man, impurity.
So you're recommending a knife to your throat?
'Indeed, and in such a way that your pen is closer to his lips.
He will kiss your pen, and it will all end well,' replied Vronsky.
'So today in French!' And with the noise of her dress, she disappeared.
Kamerovsky went up, too, and while he was not waiting for him to leave, he gave him his hand and went to the bathroom.
While he was was washing, Petritzki briefly described his situation as it had changed since the departure of Vronski.
There's no money.
My father said he wouldn't give or pay the debts.
The porter wants to go to jail, and the other one's gonna go to jail, too.
The Colonel's commander has announced that if these scandals don't stop, we have to get out.
Baroness is annoying as a bitter radish, especially because everyone wants to give money; and there's one, he's gonna show it to him, and it's a miracle, it's a beauty, it's an Eastern strict style, "Genre's slave Rebecca, you know."
Berkoshev got separated yesterday, too, and he wanted to send out seconds, but, of course, it's not gonna work.
It's actually great and it's a lot of fun. And, by not allowing a comrade to go into the details of his situation, Petritzki went out to tell him all the interesting news.
Listening to Petersky's familiar stories in this familiar setting of his three - year - old apartment, Wronsky felt a pleasant sense of returning to normal and carefree Peterburg life.
'No way! 'He cried out, letting go of the washer pedal, to which he poured his red, healthy neck.' 'No way!' he cried at the news that Laura had joined Mileev and left Fertingoff. 'And he is still silly and happy?'
Well, what about Buzulukov?
'Oh, there was a story with Buzulukov -- adorable! 'Cause his passion is balls, and he doesn't miss a single court ball.
He went to a big ball in a new helmet.
Have you seen the new helmets? Very good, easier.
Just when he's...
No, you listen.
'Yes, I am listening,' replied Wronsky, rubbing his furry towel.
'The great princess is going through with some ambassador, and in his trouble they are talking about new helmets. The great princess wanted to show the new helmet...
They see our darling's standing.
(Petrickian pictured him standing with a casca.) The great princess asked me to serve myself a helmet, &quot; he won &apos; t give &quot;.
What is it?
He's the only one who blinks, nods, frowns.
Give it to me.
It doesn't. I'm freezing.
Can you imagine...
Only this one... like his... wants to take a helmet from him... doesn't give a damn!
He ripped it out, served it to the great princess.
"This is the new one," says the great princess. I turned my helmet, and you can imagine, from there, booze! Pears, candy, two pounds of candy!
He picked it up, love!
Vronsky was laughing. And then for a long time, to mention another, he would roll up with his healthy laugh, putting out his strong, solid teeth when he remembered the helmet.
Upon learning all the news, he dressed himself in his uniform with a footman and went to show up.
When he appeared, he intended to visit his brother, Betsy, and make several visits to begin to travel to the world where he could meet Karenina.
As always in Petersburg, he left the house in order not to return until late in the night.
PART SECOND
At the end of the winter, the Shcherbatsky house had a conference to decide on Kitty's state of health and what needed to be done to restore its weakening forces.
She was sick, and as spring approached, her health deteriorated.
The home doctor gave her fish oil, then iron, then laspies, but since neither of them helped, and because he advised her to go abroad from spring, a famous doctor was invited.
A famous doctor, not old, a very handsome man, asked for a medical examination.
He seemed particularly pleased to insist that maiden shame was only the rest of barbarism, and that there was nothing more natural than an old man feeling a young naked girl.
He found it natural because he did it every day and felt nothing or thought what he thought was bad, so he felt shame in the girl not only as a remnant of barbarism, but also as an insult to himself.
I had to submit, because even though all the doctors were in the same school, in the same books, they knew the same science, and even though some said that this famous doctor was a bad doctor, in the Princess's house and in her circle, it was somehow recognized that this famous doctor alone knew something special and that one could save Kitty.
After a careful examination and a knocking, confused and ashamed, the ill, famous doctor, carefully washed his hands, stood in the living room and spoke to the Prince, frowning, listening to the doctor.
He, as a living, not stupid or sick man, did not believe in medicine and was angry with the whole comedy, especially since he was hardly alone in understanding the cause of Kitty's illness. 'It's a blank,' he thought, applying the name from a hunting dictionary to a famous doctor and listening to him talk about the signs of his daughter's illness.
In the meantime, the doctor had difficulty in holding the expression of contempt for this old barich and had difficulty coming down to a low level of understanding of him.
He understood that he had nothing to say to the old man and that the head of the house was the mother.
In front of her, he intended to smash his bead.
At that time, the Princess entered the living room with a home doctor.
The Prince walked away, trying not to let him see how funny the whole comedy was.
The Princess was confused and did not know what to do.
She felt guilty about Kitty.
'Well, doctor, decide our fate,' said the Princess. 'Tell me everything. -- "Is there any hope?" 'She wanted to say, but her lips shivered, and she could not speak this question.' 'Well, Doctor?'
'Now, Princess, I will speak with a colleague and then have the honour to present my opinion to you.
'So shall we leave you?'
'As you wish.
The Princess took a breath and came out.
When the doctors were left alone, the home doctor shyly expressed his opinion that there was a beginning to the tuberculosis process, but... et cetera.
The famous doctor listened to him and in the middle of his speech looked at his big gold watch.
'Well,' he said. 'But...
Home doctor shut up respectfully in the middle of a speech.
'To determine, as you know, the beginning of the tuberculosis process cannot be determined; there is nothing specific before the cauren appears. But we can suspect.
And there's an indication: bad nutrition, nervous excitement, and so forth.
The question is: In the suspicion of the tuberculosis process, what must be done to sustain the diet?
'But, you know, there's always a moral, spiritual reason to hide here,' with a subtle smile he allowed himself to insert a home doctor.
'Yes, it goes without saying,' answered the famous doctor, looking again at the clock. 'It is my fault; what, is the Jauz bridge in place, or do we still have to go around?' 'He asked.' 'Ah! Yes, sir.
Yeah, well, I can be there in 20 minutes.
So what we said was that the question was to support the food and fix the nerves.
One in connection with the other, we have to act on both sides of the circle.
'But a trip abroad?' 'I asked the house doctor.'
'I am the enemy of travel abroad.
And you can see that if there's a tuberculosis process that we don't know, going abroad isn't gonna help.
There is a need for a means that sustains food and does not harm.
And the famous doctor laid out his plan for the treatment of Sodenian waters, whose primary purpose was obviously that they could not be damaged.
The home doctor listened carefully and respectfully.
'But in favor of travel abroad, I would make a change in habits, a departure from the conditions that give rise to memories.'
And then my mother wanted it,' he said.
'Ah! Well, in this case, well, let them go; only those German charlatans will get hurt...
I need you to listen...
Well, let them go.
He looked at the watch again.
'Oh! It's time to go,' and he went to the door.
The famous doctor announced to the Princess that he needed to see the patient again.
'How! I'm gonna have to go over it again!-- and my mother screamed with horror.
'Oh, no, I have some details, Princess.
'We beseech you.'
And the mother, accompanied by the doctor, walked into Kitty's living room.
Keith was standing in the middle of the room with a special radiance in her eyes because of the shame she had suffered.
When the doctor came in, she flashed up, and her eyes were filled with tears.
All her illness and treatment seemed so stupid, even funny!
Her treatment seemed as funny as making pieces of broken vase.
Her heart was broken.
What do they want to treat her with pills and powders?
But the mother could not be insulted, especially since the mother felt guilty.
'Try to sit down, Princess,' said the famous doctor.
He smiled at her, took a pulse, and started doing boring questions again.
She answered him, and suddenly, angry, she stood up.
'Excuse me, Doctor, but this, right, will not lead to anything.
You ask me the same thing three times.
The famous doctor wasn't offended.
'A painful irritation,' he said to the Princess when Kitty came out. 'I've come, though...'
And the doctor in front of the princess, as before an extremely clever woman, scientifically determined the position of the princess and concluded by teaching her how to drink water that was not needed.
To the question of whether to go abroad, the doctor went into more thought, sort of solving a difficult question. The decision was finally made: to go and not believe the charlatans, but to turn to him in everything.
It's like something fun happened after the doctor left. My mother laughed when she went back to her daughter, and Kitty pretended she was having fun.
She often, almost always, had to pretend now.
'Really, I'm healthy, maman.
But if you want to go, let's go!' she said and, trying to show that she was interested in the upcoming trip, she started talking about getting ready to leave.
Dolly came after the doctor.
She knew that there should be a concilium on that day, and even though she had recently risen from childbirth (she had given birth to a girl at the end of winter), despite having had a lot of grief and concern, she had, leaving a baby and a sick girl, come to know about Kitty's fate, which was being resolved today.
'Well, what?' she said, entering the living room without taking off her hats. 'You're all funny.
Right, okay?
They tried to tell her what the doctor said, but it turns out that although the doctor spoke very well and for a long time, there was no way to pass on what he said.
What was interesting was that it was decided to go abroad.
Dolly sighed involuntarily.
Her best friend, sister, was leaving. And her life wasn't fun.
The relationship with Stepan Arkadiyić became humiliating after reconciliation.
Anna's spike was unstable, and the family agreement broke again in the same place.
There was no such thing, but Stepan Arkadiyić was almost never home, nor was there any money, and the suspicion of infidelity was constantly tormented by Dolly, and she had already driven them away, fearing the suffering of jealousy she had experienced.
The first explosion of jealousy, once experienced, could no longer return, and even the discovery of infidelity could no longer be as effective as it was the first time.
Such a discovery would now only deprive her of her family habits, and she allowed herself to be deceived by despiseing him and most of all for that weakness.
On top of that, the care of a large family tormented her unendingly. The nursing of a child did not go on, and the babysitter went away, and now one of the children is sick.
'What, how are yours? 'The mother asked.'
'Oh, man, you have a lot of grief.
Lily's sick, and I'm afraid of Scarlatine.
Now I'm on my way to find out, or I'm gonna sit down forever if God saves the Scarlatine.
The old prince, after the doctor's departure, also came out of his office and turned his cheek to Dolly and spoke to her, and turned to his wife:
'How did you decide to go?'
Well, what do you want to do with me?
'I think you should stay, Alexander,' said the wife.
'As you wish.
'Maman, why wouldn't Dad come with us? 'Oh, Kitty said.' 'And it is more fun for him and for us.'
The old prince stood up and ironed Kitty's hair with his hand.
She raised her face and, by force, looked at him.
She always felt that he understood her better than anyone in the family, even though he spoke little to her.
She was like her father's little favorite, and she felt that his love for her made him considerate.
When her eyes now met with his blue, kind eyes, staring at her, she felt that he could see her through and understand all the bad things that were done in her.
She, red, reached out to him, waiting for a kiss, but he just slapped her hair and said,
'These silly tires!
You don't get a real daughter, but you caress dead women's hair.
So, Valley,' he turned to his eldest daughter, 'What is your leverage doing?
'Nothing, Papa,' answered Dolly, realizing that it was her husband. 'It's all going, I hardly see it,' she couldn't help but add a laughing smile.
'Well, he hasn't gone to the village to sell the woods yet?'
'No, it is.
'That's how it is!' said the prince. 'Should I get ready, too?'
He asked his wife to sit down. 'And here you are, Katya,' he added to his little daughter, 'you will one day wake up and tell yourself, 'I am very healthy and amusing, and we will go out early in the morning with Dad for a walk.'
Huh?
It seemed very simple what my father said, but Kitty got mixed up and confused like a criminal.
"Yeah, he knows everything, he understands everything, and these words tell me that I'm ashamed, but I have to get over my shame."
She couldn't stand to say anything.
She started and suddenly cried and ran out of the room.
'Here are your jokes!' the princess went after her husband. 'You are always...' she began her abbreviated speech.
The Prince listened for quite a long time to the Princess's reproach and remained silent, but his face became more and more frowning.
'She's so pathetic, poor thing, so pathetic, and you don't feel that she's hurt by any hint of cause.
Ahh! It's so wrong to be wrong about people! 'The Princess said, and when she changed her tone, Dolly and the prince realized that she was talking about Bronsk.' 'I do not understand how there is no law against such vile, ungrateful people.'
'Oh, I wouldn't listen!' the prince said with sadness, climbing out of the chair and wanting to leave, but staying in the door. 'There are laws, Mother, and if you've called me to do this, I'll tell you who's to blame for everything: you and you, alone.
There have always been laws against such young men!
Yeah, if there wasn't something I wasn't supposed to be, I'm an old man, but I'd put him on the barrier, this grant.
Yeah, and now you treat them, take these charlatans to you.
The Prince seemed to have much more to say, but as soon as the Princess heard his tone, she immediately accepted and repented, as she had always done in serious matters.
'Alexandre, Alexandre,' she whispered, moving, and cried.
As soon as she cried, the prince was quiet, too. He approached her.
'Well, it will, it will!
It's hard for you, too, I know.
What do you want to do?
There's no big trouble.
God is merciful... be kind...' he said, not knowing what he was saying, and responding to the Princess's wet kiss he felt on his hand. And he left the room.
As soon as Kitty got out of the room in tears, Dolly, with her mother's, family habit, immediately saw that there was a woman's work ahead of her, and she was about to make it.
She took her hat off, and she put her sleeves up morally, prepared to act.
During her mother &apos; s attack on her father, she tried to keep her mother as far as her daughter &apos; s respect permitted.
At the time of the Prince &apos; s explosion, she was silent; she felt ashamed of her mother and tenderness to her father for his now returned kindness; but when her father left, she was about to do the most important thing -- to go to Kitty and calm her.
'I wanted to tell you a long time ago, maman: do you know that Levin wanted to propose to Kitty the last time he was here?
He told Steve.
'Well?
I don't understand...
'So maybe Kitty turned him down?'
She didn't tell you?
'No, she didn't say anything about either; she's too proud.
But I know it's all about...
'Yes, imagine, if she refused Levin,' and she wouldn't have refused him if she hadn't, I know...
And then this one tricked her so badly.
The Princess was too scared to think how much she was to blame for her daughter, and she got angry.
'Oh, I don't understand anything!
They want to live with their minds these days, they don't say anything to their mothers, and then...
'Maman, I will go to her.
'Come on.
Do I forbid you? 'Mom said.'
Entering Kitty's small office, pretty, pink, with dolls of viux saxe, a room just as young, pink and funny as Kitty herself two months ago, Dolly remembered how they cleaned this room together last year, with what fun and love they had.
She had a cold heart when she saw Kitty sitting on the bottom, near the door to the chair, and pointed her eyes at the corner of the carpet.
Kitty looked at her sister, and the cold, somewhat harsh look on her face hasn't changed.
'I shall now go away and sit at home, and you shall not be allowed to come to me,' said Daria Alexandrovna, sitting beside her. 'I want to talk to you.
'On what? 'Scared to raise his head,' asked Kitty quickly.
'What, but your grief?'
'I have no sorrow.
'All right, Kitty.
Do you really think I might not know?
I know everything.
And trust me, it's so pathetic...
We've all been through this.
Kitty was silent, and her face had a strict expression.
'He is not worth it for you to suffer because of him,' he continued, standing straight on.
'Yes, because he ignored me,' said Kitty with a snoring voice. 'Don't say it!
Please don't tell me!
'Who told you that?
No one said that.
Am I sure? That he was in love with you and stayed in love, but...
'Oh, the worst part is my condolences!' cried Kitty, suddenly angry.
She turned on the chair, blushed, and moved her fingers quickly, squeezed that toast, and with another hand, the belt buckle she held.
Dolly knew the sister's way of intercepting her with her hands when she was hot; she knew how Kitty was able to forget at a moment of hotness and say a lot of things that were unnecessary and unpleasant, and Dolly wanted to calm her down; but it was too late.
'What, what do you want me to feel, what? 'Cause Kitty said quickly. 'That I was in love with a man who didn't want to know me, and that I am dying of love for him?'
And that's what my sister tells me, who thinks that... that... that she's gonna be sorry!
I don't want those regrets and pretendings!
'Kiti, you are unjust.
'Why are you tormenting me?
'Yes, on the contrary, I can see that I'm upset.'
But Kitty didn't hear her in her heat.
'There is nothing for me to break down and to comfort myself.'
I'm so proud I'll never let myself love a man who doesn't love me.
'I'm not saying...'
One thing: 'Tell me the truth,' said she, taking her hand, Daria Alexandrovna, 'tell me, Levin told you? '
The mention of Levin seemed to have deprived Kitty of her last self - control; she jumped up from the chair and, throwing a buckle to the ground and making quick gestures with her hands, said,
'Why else is Levin here?'
I don't understand why you have to torture me.
I said and repeat that I am proud and never, ever will I do what you do -- to return to the man who cheated on you, who loved another woman.
I don't understand, I don't understand!
You can, and I can't!
And when she said those words, she looked at her sister, and when she saw that Dolly was silent, sadly lowering her head, Kitty, instead of leaving the room as intended, sat by the door, and closed her face with a handkerchief, she lowered her head.
The silence lasted two minutes.
Dolly was thinking about herself.
The humiliation she had always felt was particularly painful when her sister reminded her of it.
She did not expect such cruelty from her sister and was angry with her.
But all of a sudden, she heard the sound of a dress and together the sound of a low-key cry, and someone's hands at the bottom hugged her neck. Kitty was kneeling in front of her.
'Leave, I am so, so unhappy!' she whispered her guilt.
And a lovely face covered in tears hid in the skirt of Darya Alexandrovna's dress.
It was as if the tears were the necessary ointment without which the machine of communication between the two sisters could not pass successfully -- the sisters, after tears, talked not about what occupied them; but, speaking of outsiders, they understood each other.
Kitty realized that the word she had spoken in her hearts about her husband's infidelity and about humiliation to the depths of her heart had struck the poor sister, but that she had forgiven her. Dolly, for her part, understood everything she wanted to know; she was convinced that her conjectures were true, that the grief, the incurable mountain of Kitty was precisely that Levin proposed and that she refused him, and that Wronsky lied to her, and that she was ready to love Levin and hate Wronski.
Kitty didn't say a word about it; she only talked about her mental state.
'I have no sorrow,' she said, calmed down, 'but can you understand that I have become sick, disgusting, rude, and above all, I myself?
You can't imagine how nasty I feel about everything.
'What nasty thoughts can you have?' 'I asked Dolly, smiling.'
'The worst, the worst and the most rude; I can't tell you.'
It's not boredom, it's much worse.
It's like everything that was good in me is hidden, and there's just one more nasty thing left.
Well, what do you say? 'She continued, seeing the confusion in her sister's eyes. 'Father's talking to me now... I think he only thinks I need to get married.
My mom's taking me to the ball, and I think she's only taking me to get married and get rid of me.
I know it's not true, but I can't keep those thoughts away.
I can't see the so-called grooms.
I think they're taking me off the hook.
Before I went out in a ball dress, it was just a pleasure to see myself; now I'm ashamed, embarrassed.
Well, whatever you want!
Doctor... well...
Kitty went on to say that, since her change, Stepan Arkadych has become insufferably hostile to her and that she cannot see him without an idea of the worst and most ugly.
'Yes, everything seems to me in a most rude, vile way,' she continued. 'This is my disease.
Maybe it'll go away...
'Don't you think...'
'I can't.
Only children make me feel good, only you.
'I wish you could be with me.'
'No, I'll come.
I had a Scarlatine, and I'm gonna ask for a maman.
Kitty insisted on her own and moved in with her sister and all the Scarlatine who really came to take care of the children.
Both sisters left safely for all six children, but Kitty's health did not recover and the great post of Shcherbatsky went abroad.
The Petersburg highest circle is one; everyone knows each other, even travels to each other.
But there are units in this big circle.
Anna Arkadievna Karenina had friends and close ties in three different circles.
One circle was her husband &apos; s official circle, which was made up of his colleagues and subordinates, bound and separated in a variety of ways and in a whimsical manner in the public setting.
Anna now had difficulty remembering the feeling of almost godly respect she had for those individuals at first.
Now she knew them all, as she knew each other in the county city; she knew who had the habits and the weaknesses, who had the boots, who had the foot, who knew their relationship to each other and to the main center, who was behind whom and how and who was holding, and who came together with whom and in what they differed; but this circle of government, men's interests never, despite the revelations of the Countess Lydia Ivanovna, could interest her, she avoided him.
Another close circle to Anne was the one through which Alexis Alexandrovich made his career.
The center of this circle was Countess Lydia Ivanovna.
It was a circle of old, ugly, virtuous and pious women and smart, academic, ambitious men.
One of the smart people who belonged to this mug called it "the council of Peterburg society."
Alexey Alexandrovich was very fond of this mug, and Anna, who was so good at dealing with everyone, found her friends in the early days of her Peterburg life and in this circle.
Now, on her return from Moscow, this club became unbearable to her.
She felt that she and all of them were pretending, and she was so bored and embarrassed in this society that she went as far as she could to the Countess Lydia Ivanovna.
The third circle, where she finally had connections, was the light itself -- the light of balls, of lunches, of shiny toilets, of light held by one hand outside the yard so as not to go down to the middle of the day, which the members of that circle thought they were contemptible, but with which he had not only similar but same tastes.
Her association with this circle was through Princess Betsy Tversky, the wife of her cousin, who had a hundred and twenty thousand incomes and who, since Anna's arrival in the world, had especially loved her, cared for her and dragged her into her circle, laughing at the Countess Lydia Ivanovna.
'When I'm old and bad, I'll do the same,' Betsy said, 'but for you, for a young, pretty woman, it's too early to enter this rich place.
Anna initially avoided as much as she could, the Princess of Tverska, because he demanded more than her money, and she preferred the first; but after a trip to Moscow, she did the opposite.
She avoided her moral friends and traveled into the great world.
She was there to meet him and to enjoy these meetings as a source of excitement.
She met more often than not at Betsy's, who was a natural and his cousin.
He was everywhere he could meet Anna and told her when he could about his love.
She did not give him any excuse, but every time she met him, the very sense of recovery that came upon her that day in the wagon, when she first saw him, lit up in her soul.
She herself felt that when she saw his joy glowing in her eyes and wrinkling her lips with a smile, and she could not strangle the expression of that joy.
First, Anna sincerely believed that she was displeased with them for allowing herself to pursue her; but soon after returning from Moscow, when she came to the evening where she thought she would meet him, and he was gone, she clearly understood that she was lying to herself, that this persecution was not only not unpleasant to her, but that it was of all interest to her life.
The famous singer sang for the second time, and the whole world was in the theater.
When he saw his chair in the front row of his cousin, he went into her bed without waiting for an intermission.
'Why didn't you come to lunch?' 'She told him.' 'I am surprised by this clairvoyant in love,' she added with a smile, so that he might hear one: 'She was not.
But come after the opera.
He looked at her on a question-and-answer basis.
She's overstepped her head. He smiled and thanked her and sat next to her.
'And as I recall your ridicule!' continued Princess Betsy, who found special pleasure in following the success of this passion. 'Where did this all go!
You're caught, my dear.
'I only wish that I could be caught,' he answered with his calm, good-natured smile. 'If I complain, it is only that too little has been caught to tell the truth.
I'm starting to lose hope.
'What hope can you have?' 'Betsy said, insulted for her friend,' said the entendons nous... 'but in her eyes were the lights that spoke, she was very good, and, just like him, she understood what hope he had.
'Nothing,' said Wronsky, laughing and pointing out his teeth. 'It is my fault,' he added, taking binoculars out of her hand and looking through her naked shoulder at the opposite row of bed. 'I'm afraid I'm getting ridiculous.
He knew very well that in the eyes of Betsy and all the secular people, he wouldn't risk being funny.
He knew very well that, in the eyes of these men, the role of a poor lover of a girl and a free woman in general could be funny; but the role of a man who had taken on a married woman and put his life in any way to engage her in adultery, that that role had something beautiful, great and could never be funny, and so he with pride and fun playing under his moustache smiled down the binoculars and looked at the cousin.
'Why didn't you come to lunch?' 'She said, admiring him.'
'That's something I need to tell you.
I've been busy, and what?
I'll give you a hundred out of a thousand... you can't guess.
I treated my husband with his wife's insult.
Yeah, right!
'Well, have you reconciled?'
'Almost.
'I need you to tell me this,' she said, getting up. 'Come to that anthrax.
'I can't; I'm going to the French theatre.
'Nilson's? 'Scaredly asked Betsy, who would never recognize Nielson from any chorus player.
'What shall we do?' I have a date there, all about this case of my peacemaking.
'Blessed are the peacekeepers, they will be saved,' said Betsy, remembering something similar she had heard from someone. 'Well, sit down, tell me what is it?
And she sat down again.
'It's a little indiscreet, but it's so sweet to say it,' said Vronsky, looking at her with laughing eyes. 'I will not say names,
'But I will guess, the better.'
'Listen, there are two fun young men coming...'
'Of course, the officers of your regiment?'
'I do not say officers who just had two breakfast young men...'
'Translate: Drinkers.'
'Maybe.
They're going to their comrade's for lunch, in the most fun mood of spirit.
And they see a pretty woman chasing them on a cart, looking back, and at least they think she's nodding them and laughing.
They're behind her, of course. They're jumping all over the place.
To their surprise, the beauty stops at the entrance of the very house they're going to.
Beauty runs up to the top floor.
They only see blushing sponges from under the short veil and beautiful little legs.
'You say it with that feeling that I think you're one of those two.
'What did you tell me now?
Well, the young people go to the comrade, he's got a goodbye lunch.
Here, right, they drink, maybe extra, as always at farewell dinners.
And at lunch, they ask who lives upstairs in this house.
No one knows, and only the master's footmen ask if their mamaselles live upstairs, says there's a lot of them.
After lunch, young people go to the master's office and write a letter to an unknown person. They wrote down a passionate letter, a confession, and they carry the letter upstairs to explain what the letter would not be very clear.
'Why are you telling me such disgusting things?'
'It's ringing.
So the girl comes out, they give the letter and they assure the girl that they're both so in love that they're gonna die here by the door.
The girl is surprised to negotiate.
Suddenly, a gentleman with sausages, red like cancer, announces that no one lives in the house except his wife, and kicks them both out.
'Why do you know he has sausages, as you say?'
'Listen to this.
Now I've gone to make peace with them.
'Well, what is it?
'This is the fun part.
Turns out it's a happy generation of title counselors and title counselors.
The tiutular counselor is serving the-- the forehead, and I'm making peace, and what kind!
I assure you, Taleyran is nothing compared to me...
'What is the challenge?
'Listen...
We said: "We are in despair, and we ask forgiveness for an unfortunate misunderstanding."
Titular counselor with sausage starts to melt, but he wants to express his feelings, too, and as soon as he starts to express them, so he gets hot and rude, and again I have to let all my diplomatic talents in.
"I agree that what they did was not good, but I ask you to take into account the misunderstanding, youth; then the young people only had breakfast.
You understand.
They ask forgiveness for their sins."
"I agree, Count, and I'm willing to forgive, but you know that my wife, my wife, an honest woman, is being persecuted, rude and vulgar by some boys, disgusting..."
You know, this kid's here, and I need to make peace with them. I'm running my diploma again, and again, as soon as I have to conclude this case, my title counselor is hot, red, sausages are rising, and again I'm spilling in diplomatic nuances. 'Oh, this must be told to you! 'Laughing, she turned Betsy to the lady who was in her bed.' 'He made me laugh so much.
'Well, bonne chess,' she added, adding, by putting a finger free of fan holding, and by moving the shoulders, bringing down the bra of the dresses, so as to be quite naked when it comes forward, to the ramp, to the light of the gas, and to the eyes.
He went to the French theatre, where he really needed to see a regimental commander who had not missed a single performance at the French theatre in order to talk to him about his peacekeeping, which had occupied and amused him for the third day.
The case involved Petritzki, whom he loved, and another recently arrived, a glorious young, excellent fellow, young Prince of Cedrove.
Most importantly, the regiment's interests were involved.
Both were in the Vronsky squadron.
The regimental commander was visited by an official, the title counselor Wenden, complaining about his officers, who were oss-- who had molested his wife.
His young wife, as Wenden told him, was married for six months, was in the church with her mother and, suddenly feeling ill from a known situation, could no longer stand and drove home in the first luxurious car she had seen.
There were officers chasing her, she got scared, and she got sicker and ran up the stairs.
Wenden himself, when he returned from his presence, heard a call and some voices, went out and, when he saw the drunken officers with the letter, pushed them out.
He asked for severe punishment.
'No, as you wish,' said the regimental commander, inviting him to his place, 'Peteritzki is becoming impossible.
It's not a week without a story.
This official won't leave his case, he'll move on.
Vronski saw all the incoherence of this case and that there's no way that a duel can be made, that everything needs to be done to lighten this title counselor and get it over with.
The Colonel's commander called out to him precisely because he knew him for a noble and intelligent man and, above all, for a man who cherishes the honor of the regiment.
They talked and decided to go to Petritsky and Cedrova with Vronski to apologize to this title counselor.
The Colonel's commander and the Wronski both understood that the name of the Vronsky and the Vulgil Adjutant should contribute greatly to the easing of the title counselor. Indeed, these two means proved to be partially valid; but the result of the reconciliation remained questionable, just as Vronsky had said.
Upon arriving at the French theatre, he withdrew with a regimental commander in the foyer and told him his success or failure.
After considering everything, the regimental commander decided to leave the case without consequences, but then, for the sake of pleasure, he began to inquire into the details of his date, and for a long time he could not resist laughing, listening to the story of Vronski, about how the silent title counselor suddenly lit up again, remembering the details of the case, and how Vronski, in his last half-word of reconciliation, rebounded, pushing Petritzk forward.
'Bad story, but hilarious.
Cedrov can't fight this gentleman!
Did you get so hot? 'In laughing, he asked again.' 'And what is Claire now?'
A miracle!-- he said about a new French actress. 'No matter how much you look, every day is new...'
Only the French can do it...
Princess Betsy left the theater before the end of the last act.
She just got into her bathroom, put her long, pale face on powder, wipe her hair, fix her hair, and order tea in the big living room, as one after another began to drive the carriages to her huge house on the Great Sea.
The guests went to the wide doorway, and the fat doorman, reading in the morning, to warn passers-by, behind the glass door of the newspaper, was silently opening that huge door by letting them pass by.
Almost at the same time, the hostess came in with a fresh hair and a fresh face from one door and guests from another to a large living room with dark walls, fluffy carpets and a brightly lit table, shining white tabletery candles under the lights, silver samurai and a transparent china for a tea instrument.
The hostess sat down for the samurai and took off her gloves.
By moving the chairs by means of invisible lacquers, the society has been divided into two parts -- by a samovar with a mistress and at the opposite end of the living room -- near the handsome wife of the messenger in black velvet and with black sharp eyebrows.
The conversation in both centres, as always in the first few minutes, fluctuated, interrupted by meetings, greetings, a proposal for tea, as if to find a place to stay.
'She is incredibly good as an actress; it appears that she has studied Kaulbach,' said the diplomat in the minister's wife's mug, 'you have noticed how she fell...
'Oh, please, let's not talk about Nielson! 'There is nothing new to say about her,' said the fat, red, without eyebrows and without a shinion, the blonde lady in the old silk dress.
It was Princess Soft, known for her simplicity, ill-treatment, and called enfant terrible.
Princess Softy sat in the middle between the two clubs and listened to them and took part in both. 'I have three people today who have said this very phrase about Kaulbach, and have certainly conspired.
And the phrase, I don't know what, they liked it so much.
The conversation was interrupted by this comment, and a new topic had to be invented again.
'Tell us something funny, but not evil,' said the messenger's wife, the great master of the elegant conversation called in English small-talk, turning to a diplomat who also did not know what to begin.
'It is said that it is very difficult, that only evil is funny,' he began with a smile. 'But I will try.'
Give it to him.
It's all about the subject.
If the subject is given, it's easy to embroider.
I often think that the famous talkers of the last century would now be in difficulty speaking cleverly.
Everything that's smart is getting so tired of...
'It has long been said,' the wife of the messenger, laughing, interrupted his wife.
The conversation started nicely, but just because he was too nice, he stopped again.
We should have resorted to the right, never-changing, means of slander.
'Do you not find that there is something Louis XV in Tuskevich?' 'He said, pointing his eyes at a beautiful blond young man standing by the table.'
'Yes!
He's got the same taste in the living room, and that's why he's here so often.
This conversation was supported by a hint of exactly what could not be said in this living room, that is, Tuskevich's relationship with the hostess.
Around the samurai and the hostess, the conversation between the three inevitable themes — the last public news, the theatre, and the judgment of the neighbor — also came to an end when it came to the last subject, that is to say, to slander.
'You have heard, and Malta is not a daughter, but a mother.'
'No way!
No, it's lovely!
'I wonder how her mind is,' she wasn't stupid, 'not to see how funny she is...'
Everyone had something to say in the condemnation and ridicule of the poor Maltese, and the conversation was hilarious as a bonfire.
Princess Betsy's husband, a good-natured fat man, a passionate gravel collector, found out that his wife had guests, came into the living room in front of the club.
I can't hear you, by the soft carpet, he came up to Princess Soft.
'How did you like Nielson? 'He said.'
'Oh, can you sneak up on me like that?
How you scared me,' she answered. 'Don't talk to me about opera, please, you don't understand anything about music.
I'd rather go downstairs and talk to you about your mayo and gravel.
Well, what kind of treasure did you buy recently?
Do you want me to show you?
But you don't know the use.
'Show me.
I learned from these, what their names are... bankers... they have beautiful engravings.
They showed us.
'How, have you been to Schüzburg?' 'I asked the owner of the samurai.'
'We were, ma shere.
They called me and my husband for lunch, and I was told that the sauce at this dinner was worth a thousand rubles,' said the Princess Soft loudly, feeling that everyone was listening to it, and a very nasty sauce, something green.
I should've called them, and I made eighty-five penny sauce, and everyone was very happy.
I can't make a thousand pieces of sauce.
'She is the only one!' said the hostess.
'Awesome! 'Someone said.'
The effect of Princess Soft's speeches has always been the same, and the secret to its effect has been that it has spoken, though not entirely appropriate, as it is now, but simple things that make sense.
In the society where she lived, such words were the act of the most witty joke.
Princess Softy couldn't understand why it was doing this, but she knew it was doing it, and she took advantage of it.
Since, during the speech of Princess Milgka, everyone listened to her and the conversation near the messenger's wife stopped, the mistress wanted to bind the whole society together and turned to the messenger's wife:
'Are you sure you don't want tea?'
You'd come to us.
'No, we are very well here,' answered the messenger's wife with a smile and continued the conversation.
The conversation was very nice.
They condemned the Karenites, the wife and the husband.
'Anna has changed a lot since her Moscow trip.
There's something weird about her,' said her friend.
'The change is the one that brought the shadow of Alexei Vronski with her,' said the messenger's wife.
'What is it?
Grimm has a story: a man without a shadow, a man without a shadow. And that's his punishment for something.
I could never figure out what the punishment was.
But a woman must be uncomfortable without a shadow.
'Yes, but women with shadows usually end badly,' said Anna's friend.
'Two times in your tongue,' said Princess Soft, all of a sudden, after hearing those words. 'Karenina is a beautiful woman.
I don't love her husband, but I love her very much.
'Why do you not love your husband?'
He is such a wonderful man,' said the messenger's wife. 'The husband says that such statesmen are few in Europe.
'And my husband says the same to me, but I do not believe,' said Princess Soft. 'If our husbands hadn't spoken, we would have seen what we have, and Alexis Alexandrovich, I think, is just stupid.'
I whisper it...
Isn't it true how things are made clear?
Before, when I was told to find him smart, I searched and found that I was stupid myself without seeing his mind; but as soon as I said, "He is stupid, but whispered," it became so clear, didn't it?
'How angry you are these days!
'Nothing.'
I have no other choice.
One of us is stupid. Well, you know, you can't say that about yourself.
'No one is pleased with his wealth, and everyone is pleased with his mind,' said the diplomat of French poem.
'That's right,' the Princess of Softy turned to him in haste. 'But the thing is, I won't give Anna to you.
She's so sweet, honey.
What can she do if everyone is in love with her and, like shadows, follows her?
'I don't think I can judge,' Anna's friend justified herself.
'If no one follows us like a shadow, it does not prove that we have the right to condemn.
And, as she should have done, the friend of Anna's friend, Princess Softy, stood up and joined the messenger's wife in a table where there was a general discussion about the Prussian king.
'What were you talking about?' 'Ask Betsy.
'On the Karenites.
The Princess made Alexei Alexandrovich's profile,' answered the messenger's wife, smiling at the table.
'It's a pity we didn't hear,' said the mistress, looking at the front door. 'Ah, here you are at last!' she turned with a smile to the one who came in.
Not only was he familiar with everyone, but he saw everyone he met every day, and that's why he came in with the calm receptions he had entered the room with the people he had just left.
'Where am I from? 'He answered the question of the Messenger's wife. 'What to do, I must confess.' From Buff.
I think it's a hundred times, and it's a new pleasure.
Beautiful!
I know it's embarrassing, but I sleep in the opera, and I sleep in the Buffs until the last minute, and it's fun.
Now...
He called the French actress and wanted to tell her something about her; but the messenger's wife, with hilarious horror, interrupted him:
'Please don't tell me about this horror.
'Well, I won't, especially since everyone knows these horrors.
'And everyone would have gone there if it had been as accepted as the opera,' the Princess of Soft...
At the front door, the steps were heard, and Princess Betsy, knowing it was Karenina, took a look at Vronsky.
He looked at the door, and his face had a strange new look.
He looked at the entrance with joy, carelessness, and carelessness, and slowly climbed up.
Anna was in the living room. As always, by remaining extremely direct, by her swift, firm, and light step, distinguishing her from the walk of other secular women, and without changing the direction of her look, she took the few steps that separated her from the mistress, shook her hand, smiled and looked back at him.
Vronsky bowed low and moved her chair.
She only responded by tilting her head, blushing and frowned.
But immediately, noding quickly to the acquaintances and shaking hands, she turned to the mistress:
'I was at the Countess Lydia's, and I wanted to come earlier, but I sat down.
She had Sir John.
Very interesting.
'Ah, is this the missionary?
'Yes, he was very interesting about Indian life.
The conversation, which has been interrupted by the arrival, has once again become like the fire of a blow-out lamp.
'Sir John!
Yes, Sir John.
I saw him.
He speaks well.
Veseva is totally in love with him.
'Is it true that Vaseva is the least married to Topov?
'Yes, they say it has been decided.
'I am surprised at my parents.
They say it's a marriage of passion.
'In passion?'
What antidivular thoughts you have!
Who's talking about passion now? 'The Messenger's wife said.
'What do I do?'
This silly old fashion is still not coming out,' said Vronsky.
'The worse for those who hold on to this fashion...'
I only know happy marriages in my head.
'Yeah, but how often the happiness of intelligent marriage spreads like dust, precisely because of the very passion that was denied,' he said.
'But we call marriage by reason when both of us have gone mad.'
It's like a Scarlatine, you have to go through it.
'Then you have to learn to inculcate love as smallpox...'
'I was in love with a girl when I was young,' said Princess Soft. 'I don't know if it helped me.
'No, I think, without kidding, that in order to know love you have to make a mistake and then recover,' said Princess Betsy.
'Even after marriage?' 'Said the messenger's wife jokingly.
'It is never too late to repent,' said the diplomat of England.
'Exactly,' picked up Betsy, 'it is necessary to make a mistake and get better.
How do you feel about that? 'She turned to Anna, who listened to this conversation in silence with a slightly strong smile on her lips.
'I think,' said Anna, playing with her glove off, 'I think... if there are so many heads, so many minds, so many hearts, so many generations of love.
He looked at Anna and waited for her to say what she would say with the peace of her heart.
He sighed, like, after the danger, when she said those words.
Anna suddenly turned to him:
'And I received a letter from Moscow.
I'm told Kitty Scherbatsky is very sick.
'Really? 'Cause he frowned, he said.
Anna took a hard look at him.
'Are you not interested in this?'
'On the contrary, very.'
What exactly does it say to you if you can find out? 'He asked.'
Anna got up and went to Betsy.
'Give me a cup of tea,' she said, stopping behind her chair.
While Princess Betsy was pouring her tea, Wronsky approached Anna.
'What does it say to you?' 'He repeated it.
'I often think that men do not understand what is bad, but always talk about it,' said Anna, without answering him. 'I wanted to tell you a long time ago, she added and sat down at the corner table with the albums.
'I do not fully understand the meaning of your words,' he said, giving her a cup.
'Yes, I wanted to tell you,' she said, without looking at him. 'You did wrong, bad, very bad.
'Did I not know that I did wrong?'
But who's the reason I did this?
'Why are you telling me this? 'She said, looking strictly at him.'
'You know why,' he answered with courage and joy, meeting her eyes and keeping her eyes open.
Not him, she was embarrassed.
'It only proves that you have no heart,' she said.
But her eyes said she knew he had a heart, and it scared him.
'What you were just talking about was a mistake, not love.'
'You remember that I forbade you to say that word, it's a nasty word,' said Anna with a groaning, but immediately she felt that with one word: she forbade that she had recognized certain rights to it and thus encouraged him to speak of love. 'I wanted to tell you this a long time ago,' she continued, looking firmly into his eyes and looking at all the hot, groaning faces of her, 'and today I came on purpose, knowing that I would meet you.
I'm here to tell you this is gonna end.
I've never blushed in front of anyone, and you make me feel guilty about something.
He looked at her and was struck by the new spiritual beauty of her face.
'What do you want from me? 'He said simply and seriously.'
'I want you to go to Moscow and ask for Kitty's forgiveness,' she said, and the light winked in her eyes.
'You don't want that,' he said.
He saw that she said what forced herself to say, but not what she wanted.
'If you love me as you say,' she whispered, 'then make me calm.
His face lit up.
'Don't you know you're my whole life? But I don't know, and I can't give you peace.'
All of yourself, love... yes.
I can't think about you and myself alone.
You and I are one thing.
And I don't see the possibility of calm ahead for either myself or you.
I see the possibility of despair, of misery... or I see the possibility of happiness, of happiness...
Isn't it possible? 'He added the same lips; but she heard.'
She made it hard for her mind to say what she had to say; but instead, she stopped her love - filled look at him, and she didn't answer anything.
"Here it is!-- he was thrilled to think. 'When I was already desperate and when it seemed that there would be no end, here it is!
She loves me.
She'll admit it."
'So do it for me, never say these words to me, and be good friends,' she said with words; but her look was quite different.
'We won't be friends, you know that. Whether we are the happiest or the most unhappy of people is in your hands.