But it was him, with his head shape, his lips, his soft neck, and his broad shoulders.
'Serezha!' she repeated over the very ear of the child.
He climbed the elbow again, led his confused head to both sides, as if searching for something, and opened his eyes.
Quietly and questionably, he looked for a few seconds at his mom standing still, then he smiled blissfully, and closed his eyes again, fell, not back, but towards her, to her hands.
'Serezha! My dear boy!-- she talked, suffocating and hugging his swollen body.
'Mom! 'He spoke, moving under her hands, to touch her hands in various places of the body.'
When he smiled, all with his eyes closed, he grabbed chubby hands from the back of the bed behind her shoulders, fell down on her, giving her the sweet odor and warmth that only children had, and began rubbing his face on her neck and shoulders.
'I knew,' he said, when he opened his eyes. 'My birth today.'
I knew you'd come.
I'm gonna get up now.
And by saying that, he fell asleep.
Anna looked at him greedyly; she saw him grow up and change in her absence.
She recognized and didn't recognize him naked, so big now, the legs that were out of the blanket, she recognized these skinny cheeks, these cut short hair curls on the back of her head that she kissed him so often.
She felt all these things, and could not speak at all: tears choked her.
'What are you crying about, Mother? 'He said, waking up completely.' 'Mom, what are you crying about? 'He cried with a crying voice.'
'I am? I won't cry...
I'm crying for joy.
I haven't seen you in so long.
I will not, I will not,' she said, swallowing tears and turning away. 'Well, now it is time for you to get dressed,' she said, with silence, and, without letting out his hands, sat by his bed on the chair on which the dress had been prepared.
'How do you dress without me?
Like...' she wanted to start talking simple and fun, but she couldn't and she turned away again.
'I don't wash cold water, my dad didn't tell me to.
Have you seen Vasilia Lukić?
He's coming.
And you sat on my dress! 'and Serezha was laughing. &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt;and Serezha laughed.
She looked at him and smiled.
'Mommy, sweetheart, sweetheart! 'He cried out, throwing himself at her again and hugging her.' It's like now he's just seeing her smile, and he knows what happened. 'It is not necessary,' he said, taking off her hat.
And as if once again he saw her without a hat, he tried to kiss her again.
'But what did you think of me?
Didn't you think I was dead?
'I never did.
'Did you not believe it, my friend?
'I knew, I knew! 'He repeated his favorite phrase, and grabbed her hand, which caressed his hair, held her hand to his mouth and kissed her.'
XXX
Vasily Lukić, in between those who did not understand at first who the lady was, and who learned from the conversation that it was the same mother who abandoned her husband and whom he did not know because he had entered the house after her, was in doubt whether or not he would come in or tell Alexei Alexandrovich.
Having finally realized that it was his duty to raise Serezha at a certain time, and that he therefore had nothing to say about who was sitting there, the mother or anyone else who had to do his job, he dressed himself, walked up to the door and opened it.
But the mother &apos; s and son &apos; s caress, the sound of their voices and what they said made him change his intention.
He shook his head and, when he sighed, closed the door.
"I'll wait ten more minutes," he said to himself, coughing up and rubbing tears.
There was a great deal of excitement between the servants of the house at the same time.
Everyone knew that the lady had arrived and that Capitonich had let her in, and that she was now in the nursery, and that the barn always went into the nursery at nine o'clock, and everyone understood that it was impossible for her to meet and that she needed to be prevented.
Cornei, the valet, who entered Switzerland, asked who and how he had missed it, and when he learned that Capitonich had accepted it and conducted it, he told the old man.
The doorman kept quiet, but when Cornei told him that he should be be bended for it, Capitonich jumped up to him and shoved his hands in the face of Cornea, saying,
'Yes, you wouldn't let me in!
For ten years I have served, but I have seen nothing, and thou wouldst go now, yes, and say, Be my guest, go away!
You don't understand politics!
That's it! You'd remember taking raccoon coats and raccoon coats!
'Soldier! 'In contempt he said to Kornay, and turned to the nanny that came in.' 'Here, judge, Mary Efimovna. He let her in, and he did not tell anyone,' said Corney to her. 'Alexei Alexandrovich is coming out, going to the nursery.'
'Course, business!' said the nanny. 'You, Cornei Vasiljevic, would have picked him up sometime, barina, and I would run away, and I would have taken her away.' Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, he
When the nanny walked into the nursery, Serezha told her mother about how they had fallen with Nadia, rolled off the mountain, and had had three slices.
She listened to the sound of his voice, saw his face and the game of expression, felt his hand, but did not understand what he was saying.
We should've left him, we should've left him -- only one thing that she thought and felt.
She also heard the steps of Vasily Lukić, who came to the door and coughed, and heard the steps of the nanny who was coming; but she sat as stoned, unable to speak nor to rise.
'My lady, my love!' said the nanny, approaching Anna and kissing her arms and shoulders. 'God has brought joy to our newborn.
You haven't changed anything.
'Oh, nanny, honey, I didn't know you were in the house,' said Anna for a minute, waking up.
'I don't live, I live with my daughter, I come to congratulate you, Anna Arkadievna, my dear!
The nanny suddenly cried and kissed her hand again.
Serezha, shining with his eyes and a smile, and holding one hand behind his mother, after his nanny, stomped on the carpet with fat, bare feet.
The tenderness of his beloved nanny to his mother impressed him.
'Mom!
She often comes to me, and when she comes...' he started, but stopped, noting that the nanny whispered something to her mother and that the mother's face was scared and something like shame that didn't go to her mother. She approached him.
'My darling! 'She said.'
She couldn't say goodbye, but the look on her face said it, and he understood. 'Honey, sweet Kutik!' she said a name that she called his little one, 'will you not forget me?
You... -- but she couldn't talk anymore.
How many words she could have come up with that she could have told him!
And now she didn't know anything, and she couldn't say anything.
But Serezha understood everything she wanted to tell him.
He realized that she was unhappy and loved him.
He even understood what the nanny was whispering.
He heard the words "Always at nine o'clock," and he realized that it was about his father and that his mother was not allowed to see his father.
He understood that, but he could not understand why her face was frightened and ashamed.
It's not her fault, but she's afraid of him and she's ashamed of something.
He wanted to ask a question that would explain that doubt to him, but did not dare: he saw that she was suffering and felt sorry for her.
He held on to her silently and whispered:
'Don't go yet. He won't be coming soon.
His mother suspended him to see if he thought what he was saying, and in a frightened expression of his face, she read that he was not only talking about his father, but how he would ask her how he should think about his father.
'Serezha, my friend,' she said, 'love him, he is better and kinder than me, and I am to him guilty.'
When you grow up, you'll figure it out.
'There is no better one than you!' 'With despair he cried through tears, and grabbed her by her shoulders, holding her to himself with his trembling hands.'
'Sweetheart, my little one! 'Speaks Anna, and weeps as weakly as he wept, childishly as he wept.'
At that time, the door opened, and Vasily Lukić entered.
The other door heard footsteps, and the nanny whispered scared and said,
'He is coming,' and she served her hat to Anna. Serezha went to bed and wept, covered his face with his hands.
Anna took those hands, kissed his wet face again, and walked out the door quickly.
Alexei Alexandrovich came to meet her.
When he saw her, he stopped and tilted his head.
Despite the fact that she had just said that he was better and kinder than her, in the quick look that she had cast at him, covering his whole body with all the details, feelings of disgust and anger towards him and envy for her son reached her.
She put the veil down quickly and, after a step, almost ran out of the room.
She didn't have time to get out and so she brought home those toys she chose with such love and sadness at the shop yesterday.
XXXI
As much as Anna wanted a date with her son as she had long thought about it and prepared for it, she did not expect this date to have such an impact on her.
When she returned to her lonely hotel office, she couldn't figure out why she was here.
"Yeah, it's over, and I'm alone again," she said to herself, and without taking off her hats, she sat on a chair standing by the fireplace.
As she stared at the bronze clocks standing on the table between the windows, she began to think.
A French girl brought from abroad came in to ask her to dress.
She looked at her with surprise and said: 'After.
Lacey offered me coffee.
'After,' she said. The Italian nurse, after removing the girl, went in with her and brought her to Anna.
A fat, well-fed girl, as always, when she saw her mother, turned her fettered, naked hands down and smiled with a toothless mouth, and began as a fish in a swim, tossing their hands and shrubbing them through the crumbling folds of a embroidered skirt.
You didn't have to smile, you didn't have to kiss a girl, you couldn't not just set her up with a finger, for which she sniffed, wiggling and bouncing the whole body; you couldn't help but set her up with a mouth, which she took in her mouth as a kiss.
And Anna did all this, and took her into her arms, and made her jump, and kissed her fresh cheek and naked elbows; but when she saw this child, it became even clearer to her that the feeling she felt for him was not even love compared to how she felt for Serezha.
Everything about this girl was nice, but for some reason it didn't take the heart.
The first child, though an unloved man, was given all the power of love that was not satisfied; the girl was born under the most difficult conditions, and she was not given a hundred percent of the care that was placed on the first.
In addition, the girl was still waiting, and Serezha was almost a man and a loved one; he was already struggling with thoughts and feelings; he understood, he loved, he judged her, she thought, remembering his words and views.
And it was permanently not only physically, but spiritually separated from him, and it could not be corrected.
She gave the girl to a nurse, released her and opened a medallion with a portrait of Serezia when he was almost the same age as the girl.
She stood up and took off her hat and took an album on the table that had his son's photo cards at other ages.
She wanted to debrief the cards and took them out of the album.
She took them all out. There was one, the last, the best card left.
He was in a white shirt riding on a chair, frowning his eyes and smiling with his mouth.
It was the most special, the best expression of it.
Small handy hands, which today were particularly hard to move with their white thin fingers, she hit the corner of the card several times, but the card snapped, and she couldn't reach it.
The cut-off knife was not on the table, and she pushed out her son's card when she took out the card, which was made in Rome, in a round hat and with long hair.
"Yeah, there he is!" 'She said, having looked at the Vronsky card, and suddenly remembered who was causing her present grief.'
She's never thought about him all morning. But now, suddenly, when she saw this courageous, noble, so familiar and sweet face, she felt an unexpected tide of love for him.
"Where is he?
How can he leave me alone with my suffering?" 'Suddenly, she thought with a sense of reproach, forgetting that she herself had kept from him everything concerning her son.'
She sent him to ask him to come to her now: with the peace of her heart, inventing the words she would say to him all things, and the expressions of his love that would comfort her, she waited for him.
The messenger returned with an answer that he had a guest, but that he was about to come and order her to ask if she could accept him with Prince Yashwin, who had come to Petersburg.
"Not alone, but since yesterday's dinner he hasn't seen me," she thought, "not so that I could tell him everything, but come with Yashwin."
And suddenly she had the strangest idea, what if he didn't love her anymore?
And as she went through the events of the last days, she felt that in everything she had seen the confirmation of this terrible thought: that he had not eaten at home yesterday, and that he insisted that they should stay apart in Petersburg, and that even now she was not alone, as if to avoid seeing her face - to - face.
"But he has to tell me that.
I need to know that.
If I knew that, then I knew what I would do,' she said to herself, unable to imagine the situation in which she would be convinced of his indifference.
She thought he had lost love for her, felt close to despair, and as a result she felt particularly excited.
She called the girl and went to the bathroom. By dressing up, she took up more than all these days with her bathroom, as if he could love her, and fall back in love for wearing that dress and that haircut that she had more to wear.
She heard the call before she was ready.
When she went out into the living room, it wasn't him, it was Yaszwin who met her with his eyes.
He looked at her son's cards, which she left on the table, and took a slow look at her.
'We know each other,' she said, putting her little hand in the huge hand of the Confucious (which was so strange with his huge height and rough face) Yashwin. 'I've known you since last year at the races.
Give it,' she said, moving quickly to take away his son's card that he was looking at and looking at him with a much shiny eye. 'This year was a good race?
Instead, I watched the Corso races in Rome.
You don't like foreign life, though,' she said, smiling nicely. 'I know you and I know all your tastes, although I haven't met you very much.'
'It makes me very sorry because my tastes are increasingly bad,' said Yashwin, eating his left moustache.
After a few minutes of talking and noting that he had looked at the clock, Yaszwin asked her if she would stay in Petersburg for a long time, and when he had turned around his huge figure, he took a cup of tea.
'I think it won't be long,' she said, looking at Vronsky with confusion.
'Will I never see you again?' 'Yashwyn said, rising up and turning to Bronsk.' 'Where do you eat lunch?'
'Come and have lunch with me,' said Anna with determination as if she were angry at herself for being embarrassed, but blushing as always when she stood before a new man. 'Dinner isn't good here, but at least you'll see him.
Alexei of all her regimental comrades doesn't like anyone as much as he loves you.
'It is a great pleasure,' said Yaszvin with a smile, by which he saw that he liked Anna very much.
Yashvin bowed and went out, and Wronsky was left behind.
'Are you coming, too?' 'She told him.'
'I am already late,' he replied. 'Go on!
'I'll catch up with you now,' he yelled at Yashwina.
She took his hand and, without letting her eye down, looked at him, looking for him in her mind to say to hold him.
'Wait, I have something to say,' and by taking his short hand, she pressed her neck. 'Yeah, is it okay that I invited him to lunch?'
'Greatly she did,' he said with a calm smile, opening his teeth and kissing her hand.
'Alexei, have you not changed with me? 'She said, pressing his hand with both hands.' 'Alexei, I have been tormented here.
When are we leaving?
'Soon, soon.'
You will not believe how hard it is for me to live here,' he said, and stretched out his hand.
'Well, go, go!' she said with insult and left him quickly.
XXXIII
By the time he returned home, Anna hadn't been home yet.
Shortly after that, he was told that a lady had come to see her and that she had gone with her.
The fact that she left without saying where, what she had not yet been to, the fact that she had travelled somewhere in the morning without telling him anything -- all of this, along with the strangely excited expression of her face this morning and with the memory of the hostile tone with which she almost ripped her son &apos; s card out of his hand in Yasvin, made him think.
He decided to explain himself to her. And he was waiting for her in her living room.
But Anna didn't come back alone, but brought her aunt, the old lady, Princess Oblonsky.
It was the one who came in this morning and with Anna was shopping.
It was as if Anna hadn't noticed the expression of the face of Wronsky, both concerned and questionable, and had fun telling him that she had bought it this morning.
He saw something special going on in her: in the shiny eyes, when they stopped at him, there was intense attention, and in the speech and movement there was that nervous speed and grace, which in the first time they came together so glamorously, and now they were bothering him and scaring him.
Lunch was for four.
Everyone's gathered to go out to the small dining room, as Tuskevich arrived with an assignment from Princess Betsy to Anna.
Princess Betsy said that she was sorry that she had not come to say goodbye; she was unwell, but she asked Anna to visit her between half and nine o'clock.
He looked at Anna in the time frame, which showed that no one had been met; but it was as if Anna had not noticed it.
'It is a pity that I cannot be between half seven and nine,' she said, smiling a little.
'The Princess will be very sorry.
'Me too.
'You're going to listen to Patty, aren't you? 'Tushkevich said.
'Patty?
You're giving me an idea.
I'd go if I could get a bed.
'I can get it,' Tushkevich volunteered.
'I would be very, very grateful to you,' said Anna. 'Would you like to have lunch with us?'
He shook his shoulders a little bit.
He was determined not to understand what Anna was doing.
Why did she bring this old princess, why leave Tuskewich for lunch, and, more than anything, why send him to bed?
Would it have been possible to think that she was in her position to go to Patty's ticket, where all the light she knew would be?
He took a serious look at her, but she answered him with the same funny or desperate look that he couldn't understand.
At lunch, Anna was having a lot of fun, as if she were flirting with Tuškevich and Yašvin.
When they got up from lunch and Tuskevich went to get the bed, and Yaszvin went to smoke, he went with him. After a few minutes, he ran upstairs.
Anna was already dressed in a bright silk dress with velvet, which she made in Paris, with open breasts, and with white, expensive lace on her head, which shaped her face and especially benefited from her bright beauty.
'Are you sure you're going to the theater? 'He said, trying not to look at her.'
'Why are you so afraid to ask?' 'Reviled again that he had not looked at her,' she said. 'Why wouldn't I go?'
It's like she didn't understand the meaning of his words.
'Of course there is no reason,' he said, frowning.
'That's what I'm saying,' she said, deliberately not understanding the irony of his tone and calmly wrapping a long, fragrance glove.
'Anna, for God's sake! What's wrong with you? 'He said, as she was waking up, just as her husband had once told her.'
'I don't know what you're asking.
'You know you can't go.
'Why?
I'm not going alone.
Princess Varvar went to get dressed, she's coming with me.
He shook his shoulders with a kind of perplexity and despair.
'But don't you know...' he began.
'I don't want to know! 'She almost cried out.' 'I don't want to.
Do I repent of what I've done?
No, no, no.
And if it were the same again, at first, it would be the same.
For us, for me and for you, the only thing that matters is whether we love each other.
And there are no other considerations.
Why do we live here apart and not see each other?
Why can't I go?
I love you, and I don't care,' she said in Russian, with a special, incomprehensible eye, looking at him, if you haven't changed.
Why don't you look at me?
He looked at her.
He saw all the beauty of her face and the outfit that always came to her.
But now it was the beauty and elegance of her that annoyed him.
'My feeling cannot change, you know, but I beg you not to go, I beg you,' he said again in French with a gentle prayer in his voice, but with a cold look.
She didn't hear the words, but she saw the coldness of her eyes and said with irritation:
'And I ask you to announce why I should not go.'
'Cause it could hurt you that...' he closed it down.
'I don't understand.
Yashwin n'est pas compromettant, and Princess Varvar is no worse than the others.
There she is.
XXXIII
For the first time, he felt annoyed against Anna, almost angry for her deliberate lack of understanding of her situation.
The feeling was heightened by the fact that he could not express to her the cause of his anger.
If he had told her what he thought, he would have said, "In this outfit, with a well-known princess to appear in the theater, it was not only to acknowledge his position as a dead woman, but also to challenge the light, that is, to renounce it forever."
He couldn't tell her that.
"But how can she not understand it, and what does it do?" 'He said to himself.
He felt at the same time that his respect for her had diminished and that the consciousness of her beauty had increased.
He returned to his room and, having planted his long legs on his chair and drunk cognac with celery water, he told himself to do the same.
'You say, Mighty Lankowski.
This horse is good, and I advise you to buy it,' said Yashvin, looking at the dark face of the comrade. 'He's blonde, but his legs and head are better than that.
'I think I will take it,' replied Wronsky.
Talking about horses occupied him, but never for a moment did he forget Anna, willingly listen to the sound of steps on the hallway, and look at the watches on the fireplace.
'Anna Arkadievna ordered us to report that they had gone to the theatre.
Yaszvin, having pushed a glass of cognac over into boiling water, drank and stood up, curling up.
'Well? 'Let's go,' he said, smiling under the moustache and showing it with a smile, 'that he understood the reason for the darkness, but didn't give it any weight.
'I won't go,' he replied with sadness.
'I have to, I promised.'
Well, goodbye.
'Come into the chair, take the Krasine chair,' said Yasvin, leaving.
'No, I care.
"A woman's concern is even worse with a woman," thought Yashwin, leaving the hotel.
When he was alone, he got up from his chair and started walking around the room.
"Today what?
Fourth ticket...
Egor and his wife are there, and the mother is probably there.
That means all of Petersburg is there.
Now she comes in, takes off her coat and comes out.
Tuškevich, Yaszvin, Princess Varvar...' he imagined. 'What am I?'
Or am I afraid, or did I give her protection to Tuskevich?
No matter what you look at, it's stupid, it's stupid...
And why would she put me in this position?" 'He said, waving his hand.'
By this move, he caught a table with celery water and a cognac graph on it, and almost pushed it.
He wanted to pick up, dropped it, and kicked his foot into the table and called.
'If you want to serve me,' he said to the incoming valet,'remember your business.
I don't want that to happen.
You have to clean it up.
The Chamberlain, feeling innocent, wanted to defend himself, but when he looked at the barn, he realized in his face that all he had to do was to keep quiet, and then quickly swerved down on the carpet and took out whole and broken drinks and bottles.
'It's none of your business, so let's go clean up the footman and make me a frack.'
He entered the theater at 2:30 a.m.
The show was in the middle.
The old capuldiner removed the fur coat from Wronski and, after learning it, called it "your ladyship" and proposed not to take a number, but simply to shout at Fedor.
There was no one in the light corridor but a capeldiner and two footmen with coats on their hands listening at the door.
Because of the fake door, there was the sound of a careful accompaniment of a stakkato orchestra and a woman's voice, who was clearly speaking a musical phrase.
The door turned away by missing a sneaking capdeldiner, and the phrase that was coming to an end was clearly struck by the hearing of Wronsky.
But the door closed immediately, and Wronsky didn't hear the end of the phrase and the cadance, but he realized from the thunder of the applause behind the door that the cadence was over.
As he entered the brightly lit chandeliers and bronze gas horns of the hall, the noise continued.
On the stage, the singer, glittering with her shoulders and diamonds, bent and smiled, gathered with the help of a tenor, holding her hand, embarrassingly crawling over the frame of the bouquets, and approached the master in the middle of a pale lipstick of hair, drawn with long hands through a frame of some thing -- and the public in the part, like in the floors, was fussing, reaching forward, screaming and clapping.
The capelmaster, on his high ground, helped in the transmission and recuperated his white tie.
He went into the middle of the floor and stopped and looked back.
Less than ever, he's drawn attention to a familiar, familiar environment, to a stage, to this noise, to all this familiar, uninteresting, sandy herd of viewers in a bit full of theater.
The same ladies were on the couches with some officers in the backs of the bed; the same ones, God knows who, the women of different colours, and the coats, and the sutures; the same dirty crowd in the garden, and in the whole crowd, in the couches and in the front rows, there were forty real men and women.
And he immediately noticed these oasis, and immediately came into contact with them.
The act ended when he entered, and therefore he went to the front row without entering his brother's bed, and stopped at the Rampa with Serpukhovsky, who, when he bent his knee and knocked his heel into the Rampa, and saw him from afar, called out to him with a smile.
He hasn't seen Anna yet, he hasn't looked at her on purpose. But he knew where she was in the direction of view.
He looked undetected but did not look for her; in anticipation of the worst, he sought the eyes of Alexey Alexandrovich.
For his happiness, Alexei Alexandrovich wasn't in the theater this time.
'How little military there is left in you! 'Serpukhovsky said to him.' 'Certificate, artist, that's something.
'Yes, as I returned home, so I put on my fracturing,' he replied, smiling and slowly taking out the binoculars.
'That's what I'm jealous of.
When I return from abroad and put this on,' he touched the exelbants,' I feel sorry for my freedom.
Serpukhovski long ago shoved his hand into the work of Vronski, but he was still in love with him and was especially kind to him.
'It's too bad you're late for the first act.'
While listening in one ear, he moved binoculars from benoir to underwear and looked around the beds.
Next to the woman in the turban and the slutty old man who flashed in the glass of the moving binoculars, he suddenly saw Anna's head, proudly beautiful and smiling in a frame of lace.
She was in the fifth benoir, 20 feet away from him.
She was sitting in the front, and she was a little spinning, and she said something to Yashvin.
The position of her head on beautiful and wide shoulders, and the calm-heated radiance of her eyes and all faces reminded him of her in the perfect way that he saw her at the ball in Moscow.
But that's not how he felt now.
There was nothing mysterious about his feelings for her, so her beauty, though it was more attractive to him than it had been before, now insulted him.
She didn't look at him, but Wronsky felt like she'd already seen him.
When he put the binoculars back in that direction, he noticed that Princess Varvar was especially red, unnaturally laughing, and constantly looking back at the next bed; and Anna, by folding the fan and knocking on their red velvet, looked at something, but did not see and apparently did not want to see what was happening in the next bed.
There was an expression on Yashvin's face that was on him when he lost.
After drowning, he shoved his left moustache deeper and deeper into his mouth and touched the same neighbor's bed.
There were Cartas in this bed on the left.
He knew them and knew that Anna knew them.
Cartasova, a thin, small woman, stood in her bed and, turning her back to Anna, put on a cape given to her by her husband.
Her face was pale and angry, and she said something excited.
Cartasov, a fat, slutty gentleman, constantly looking back at Anna, tried to calm his wife down.
When the wife came out, the husband was slow, looking for Anna's eyes and apparently wanting to bow to her.
But Anna obviously didn't notice him on purpose, turning back, saying something to Yashwina's shaved head.
The cards came out without bowing, and the bed remained empty.
He did not understand exactly what had happened between Cartasov and Anna, but he realized that something humiliating to Anna had happened.
He understood that from what he had seen, and most of all from the face of Anna, who, he knew, had gathered her final powers to bear the role she had taken.
This role of external calm was quite satisfactory to her.
Those who did not know her and her circle did not hear all the expressions of condolence, outrage and surprise of women that she allowed herself to appear in light and to appear so visible in her lace and beauty, they admired the calm and beauty of the woman and did not suspect that she felt the feelings of the man being put out at the stake.
Knowing that something had happened but not knowing exactly what had happened, he felt a painful alarm and, hoping to learn something, went to his brother's bed.
On purpose, after choosing the opposite side of Anna's bed overboard, he came out and encountered his former regimental commander, who spoke to two acquaintances.
He heard Kareni's name spoken, and he observed the regimental commander rushing to speak loudly, looking at those who spoke.
'Ah, Vronsky!
When's the regiment?
We can't let you go without a pirate.
You are the most indigenous of us,' said the regimental commander.
'I will not make it, very sorry, until another time,' he said, and ran up the stairs into his brother's bed.
The old Countess, Wronsky's mother, with her steel bouquets, was in her brother's bed.
Varya and Princess 40ina met him in the underwear corridor.
After she had guided Princess Forty to her mother, Varia gave her hand to her brother-in-law and immediately began to speak to him about what he was interested in.
She was as excited as he rarely saw her.
'I find it low and gross, and Madame Kartasova had no right.'
Madame Karenina...' she began.
'What is it?
I don't know.
'What, you didn't hear?
'You realize I'll be the last to hear about it.
'Is there an evil creature like this Kartasova?'
'What did she do?'
'My husband told me...
She insulted Karenna.
Her husband started talking to her through the bed, and Cartasova made a scene for him.
They say she said something offensive and came out.
'The Count, your man calls you,' said Princess 40in, looking out of the bed door.
'And I am waiting for you,' said his mother, laughingly smiling. 'I can't see you at all.
The son saw that she could not hold back a smile of joy.
'Hello, maman.
I came to you,' he said, cold.
'Why don't you go face la cour a madame Karenine?' 'She added it when Princess 40in stepped away.' --Elle fat sensory. On ublie la Pattie pour elle.
'Maman, I asked you not to tell me about this,' he replied, frowning.
'I say what everyone says.
He answered nothing, and when he said a few words to Princess Forty, he went out.
At the door, he met his brother.
'Ah, Alexei! 'Broken' said his brother. 'This is disgusting!
Idiot, that's all...
I just wanted to go to her...
Let's go together.
He didn't listen to him.
He took a quick step down: he felt he had to do something, but he didn't know what.
Annoyed at her for putting herself and him in such a false position, along with pity for her suffering, he worried about her.
He went downstairs and headed straight for Anna's benoir. Benoir had Stremov and talked to her:
'The Tenor are gone.
Le moule en est brise.
He bowed to her and stopped to say hello to Stremov.
'You seem to have come late and did not hear the best aria,' said Anna Vronsky, laughing as he thought, looking at him.
'I am a bad treasurer,' he said, looking strictly at her.
'As Prince Yashwin,' she said, smiling, 'who finds Patty singing too loud. 'Thank you,' she said, taking in a small hand a long glove raised up by the Vronian poster, and suddenly in that moment her beautiful face shone.
She got up and went deep into the bed.
Noticed that for the next act, her bed was empty, while he was poking at the sound of the cavatine of the theater, he left the parther and went home.
Anna was already home.
She was alone in the very outfit in which she was in the theater.
She sat on the first chair on the wall and looked in front of herself.
She looked at him and immediately accepted his position.
'Anna,' he said.
'You, you're guilty of everything! 'She cried with tears of despair and anger in her voice, rising up.'
'I asked you, I begged you not to go, I knew you'd be uncomfortable...'
'I hate it!' she cried. 'Awful!
No matter how long I live, I won't forget it.
She said it was embarrassing to sit next to me.
'The words of a foolish woman,' he said, 'but why take the risk, call...
'I hate your calm.
You shouldn't have led me to this.
If you loved me...
'Anna!
What's the matter with my love...
'Yes, if you loved me like I did, if you were tormented like I...' she said, looking at him with a scare expression.
He felt sorry for her and was still pissed.
He assured her of his love because he saw that it was the only thing that could calm her now, and he did not blame her with words, but in his heart he reproached her.
And the love confidences that he felt so vile that he was ashamed to speak them, she was soaking herself in, and she calmed down a little.
The next day, completely reconciled, they left for the village.
PART SIXTH
I
Daria Alexandrovna spent the summer with the children in Pokrovsk, with her sister Kitty Levina.
In her name, the house collapsed, and Levin and his wife persuaded her to spend the summer with them.
Stepan Arkadić very much approved the device.
He said he was very sorry that the service prevented him from spending the summer with his family in the village, which would be his greatest happiness, and remaining in Moscow, he came to the village occasionally for a day and two.
In addition to Oblonsky with all the children and the governess, this summer an old princess visited Levini, who felt obliged to look after her untested daughter, and was in such a position. In addition, Varenka, Kitty's foreign friend, fulfilled her promise to visit her when Kitty was married and visited her friend.
They were all relatives and friends of Levin's wife. And even though he loved them all, he felt a little sorry for his Levyn peace and order, which was being stunned by this influx of "the Sherbat element," as he said to himself.
From his family they had one Sergei Ivanovich this summer, but he was not a Levynian man, but a goat's warehouse, so the lion's spirit was completely destroyed.
There were so many people in a long deserted house that almost all the rooms were occupied, and almost every day the old princess had to sit at a table, count everyone and plant the 13th grandson or granddaughter for a special table.
And for Kitty, who worked hard at the farm, there was a lot of trouble buying chickens, turkeys, ducks, which had a lot to do with the summer meal of guests and children.
The whole family was sitting at lunch.
Dolly's kids with a governess and Vasenka made plans to go after mushrooms. Koznyshev, who enjoyed respect between all the guests for his mind and his studies, who had come almost to worship, surprised everyone by interfering in the discussion of mushrooms.
'And take me with you.
I love to go after mushrooms very much,' he said, looking at Varenka, 'I find that this is a very good thing to do.
'Well, we are very happy,' replied Varenka, blushing.
Kitty had a big deal with Dolly.
The proposal by the scientist and clever Sergei Ivanovich to go after the mushrooms with Vasenka confirmed some of Kitty's recent assumptions that were very close to her.
She hastened to speak to her mother so that her eyes would not be seen.
After lunch, Koznyshev sat down with his cup of coffee by the living room window, continuing the conversation with his brother and looking at the door from which the children gathered for mushrooms were to come out.
Levin sat on the window near his brother.
Kitty stood by her husband, obviously waiting for the end of the uninteresting conversation to tell him something.
'You have changed a lot since you got married, and for the best,' said Koznyshev, smiling at Kitty and apparently with little interest in the conversation that started, 'but you remain faithful to your passion to defend the most paradoxical topics.
'Katha, it is not good for you to stand,' said her husband, moving her chair and looking at her considerably.
'Well, yes, indeed, at one time,' added Koznyshev when he saw the children running away.
In front of them all, with a gallop, in their tight stockings, swinging the basket and the hat of Sergei Ivanovich, Tanya ran directly at him.
She dared to run up to Sergei Ivanovich and shiny eyes so similar to her father's beautiful eyes, and gave Sergei Ivanovich his hat and pretended that she wanted to put on him with a humble and tender smile, softening her free will.
'Varynka is waiting,' she said, carefully putting her hat on him, at the smile of Sergei Ivanovich, when she saw that it was possible.
Varenka was standing in the door, dressed in a yellow hairdress, with a white scarf tied on her head.
'I go, I go, Varvar Andreevna,' said Koznyshev, drinking from a cup of coffee and picking up the pockets of the handkerchiefs and the cigar lady.
'What a beauty my Varenka!
Huh? 'Kiti said to her husband as soon as Sergei Ivanovic stood up.
She said it so that Sergei Ivanovic could hear what one apparently wanted. 'And how beautiful and noblely beautiful she is!
Varenka! 'Screaming Kitty,' you will be in the mill forest?
We'll come to you.
'You are adamantly forgetting your position, Kitty,' said the old princess, rushing out of the door. 'You can't scream like that.
Varenka, having heard Kitty's voice and her mother's reprimand, quickly came to Kisha with easy steps.
The speed of the movement, the paint that covered the lively face -- everything showed that something extraordinary was going on in it.
Kitty knew it was extraordinary, and she followed her closely.
She now called Varenka only to bless her with thought for an important event that Kitty thought would take place this afternoon in the woods.
'Varynka, I will be very happy if one thing happens,' she whispered, kissing her.
'Are you coming with us? 'Confounded,' said Varenka Levin, pretending that she had not heard what had been said to her.
'I will go, but only to the gum, and I will stay there.'
'What kind of hunt do you want? 'Oh, Kitty said.'
'We need to take a look at the new furs and take them into account,' said Levin. 'Where will you be?
'On the terrace.
II
The entire women's society is gathered on the terrace.
They even liked to sit there this afternoon, but there was also a case today.
In addition to the sewing and knitting of the pigs that everyone was busy with, jam was now boiled according to a new method for Agatha Mikhaylovna, without adding water.
Kitty introduced this new method used in their home. Agatha Mikhaylovna, previously assigned to this case, believing that what was being done in the house of the Levins could not have been bad, did pour water into strawberries and strawberries, claiming that it was impossible to do otherwise; she was guilty of it, and now the raspberry was boiled in front of everyone, and Agatha Mikhaylovna was to be convinced that the jam would come out well without water.
Agatha Michailovna, with a hot and sad face, mixed hair, and naked with thin hands, shoved round the pelvic over the roaster, looking down on the raspberry, wishing that it would be frozen and not boiled.
The Princess felt that she, as the chief counselor of the raspberry bark, should be subjected to the anger of Agatha Mikhaylovna, tried to pretend that she was busy with others and not interested in the Malina, spoke of an outsider, but she looked at the roast.
'I always buy dresses for girls on cheap goods,' said the Princess, continuing the conversation... 'Would you take off the foam now, love? 'She added, turning to Agatha Mikhaylovna. 'You don't have to do it yourself, and it's hot,' she stopped Kitty.
'I will do it,' said Dolly, and stood up, carefully driving a spoon on a sugar-dropper, occasionally, to slap the adrift from the spoon, knocking it on a plate covered with coloured, yellow- pink, bleeding blood syrup, foam.
"How they're gonna lick it with tea!" 'She thought of her children, remembering how she herself, when she was a child, was surprised that the big ones didn't eat the best -- foam.
'Steve says it is much better to give money,' continued, in the meantime, an interesting discussion about how best to give people, 'but...
'The money is as good as it can be! 'The Princess and Kitty spoke in one voice. 'They appreciate it.
'Well, I, for example, bought our Matrena Semenovna last year, not poplin, but something like that,' said the Princess.
'I remember she was on your birthday in it.
'Pretty pattern; so simple and noble.
I wanted to do it myself if she didn't.
It's like Varenka's. So sweet and cheap.
'Well, now I think I'm ready,' said Dolly, dropping the syrup off the spoon.
'When the pretzels are ready.
Another cook, Agatha Mikhaylovna.
'These flies! 'Agatha Michailovna said angryly.' 'The same will happen,' she added.
'Oh, how sweet he is, don't scare him! 'Suddenly Kitty, looking at the sparrow, who sat on the railing and turned the rods of the raspberry, began to bite him.'
'Yes, but you'd be far away from the roaster,' said the mother.
'A propos de Varenca,' said Kitty in French, as they had always said, so that Agatha Mikhaylovna would not understand them. 'You know, maman, that I am waiting for a solution today for some reason.'
You know what that is.
How good it would be!
'But what a matchmaker! 'Yes,' said Dolly. 'How carefully and cleverly she leads them...'
'No, tell me, maman, what do you think?
'What do you think?'
He (he understood Sergei Ivanovich) could always make the first party in Russia; now he's not so young, but I know he is, and now many would...
She's very kind, but he could...
'No, you will understand, Mother, why it is not better for him and for her.
One, she's cute! 'Kiti said, with one finger folded.'
'He likes her very much, that's right,' confirmed Dolly.
'Then he takes such a position in light of the fact that he does not need any wealth or position in the light of his wife.
He needs one thing -- a good, sweet wife, calm.
'Yes, you can be calm with her,' confirmed Dolly.
'The third one, that she may love him. And that's...
I mean, it would be so good!
I'm waiting for them to come out of the woods, and everything will be decided.
I'm gonna see it in the eyes.
I'd be so happy!
What do you think, Dolly?
'Don't worry. You don't have to worry at all,' said your mother.
'I'm not worried, Mother.
I think he's gonna propose now.
'Oh, it's as strange as when a man proposes...'
There was a barrier, and suddenly it would break through,' said Dolly, smiling thoughtfully and remembering her passing with Stepan Arkadych.
'Mom, how did Dad propose to you? 'Ask Kitty all of a sudden.'
'Nothing unusual was, very simple,' answered the Princess, but her face glowed from that memory.
'No, but how?
Did you still love him before you were allowed to talk?
Kitty was particularly adorable in that she and her mother were now able to talk, as well, about these most important issues in a woman's life.
'Of course she did; he visited us in the village.
'But how did you decide?' Mom?
'Do you think it's true that you made something up?
It's the same thing: it's been decided by the eyes, by the smiles...
'How well you say it, Mother!
It was eyes and smiles,' confirmed Dolly.
'But what words did he say?
'What did Kostya say to you?
'He wrote with chalk.
It was amazing...
It's been a long time, isn't it? 'She said.'
And three women thought the same thing.
Kitty was the first to interrupt her silence.
She remembered the last winter before her marriage, and her passion for Vronsky.
'One thing... it's Varenka's old passia,' she said, 'the natural connection of thought is to remember it. 'I wanted to tell Sergei Ivanovich one day to prepare him.
"They, all men," she added, "are terribly jealous of our past.
'Not everything,' said Dolly. 'You judge it by your husband.
He's still suffering from the memory of Vronski.
Yeah?
Right?
'It is true,' said Kitty, smiling with her eyes thoughtfully.
'But I don't know,' said the Princess Mother for her mother's observation of her daughter, 'what was your last one that would bother him?'
That Vronsky was taking care of you?
It happens to every girl.
'Well, that's not what we're talking about,' said Kitty, blushing.
'No, let me,' the mother continued, 'and then you didn't want to let me talk to Vronski.
Remember?
'Ah, Mother! 'Said Kitty with the expression of suffering.
'Now you can't hold...'
Your relationship could not have gone any further than it should. I would have called him myself.
But you, my soul, don't have to worry.
Please remember that and calm down.
'I am perfectly calm, maman.
'How happy it was for Kitty that Anna came,' said Dolly, 'and how unhappy it was for her.
Quite the contrary,' she added, stunned by her thought. 'Then Anna was so happy, and Kitty thought herself unhappy.
Quite the opposite!
I think about her a lot.
'There is someone to think about!
Nasty, disgusting woman, without a heart,' said the mother, who could not forget that Kitty had married Levin rather than Wronsky.
'What a shame to talk about it!' said Kitty, 'I don't think about it, and I don't want to think about it...
And I do not want to think,' she repeated, listening to her husband's familiar steps on the stairs of the terrace.
'What is it, and I don't want to think?' 'I asked Levin, entering the terrace.'
But no one answered him, and he didn't repeat the question.
'I am sorry that I have upset your women's kingdom,' he said, looking displeasedly at everyone and realizing that they were talking about something they wouldn't say in front of him.
For a second, he felt that he shared Agatha Mikhaylovna's feelings, his frustration that the raspberry was being boiled without water, and his influence was alien.
He smiled, however, and approached Kitty.
'Well, what? 'He asked her, thus looking at her, whom she was now approached by everyone.'
'Nothing, fine,' said Kitty smiling, 'how are you?
'Yes, three times more than a cart.'
So, go pick up the kids?
I told you to mortgage.
'Well, you want Kitty on the line? 'The mother said with reproach.'
'That's a step, Princess.
Levin never called the Princess maman, as his son - in - law did, and it was unpleasant to the Princess.
But Levin, even though he loved and respected the Princess, could not call her that without desecrating his feelings for his dead mother.
'Come with us, maman,' said Kitty.
'I don't want to look at this recklessness.'
'Well, I will walk.
'Cause I'm great. ' Kitty stood up, approached her husband and took his hand.
'Great, but everything is in order,' said the Princess.
'So, Agatha Mikhaylovna, is jam ready?' 'Said Levin, smiling at Agatha Mikhaylovna, and seeking to cheer her up.' 'Fine in a new way?'
'It must be good.
We think it's digested.
'It is better, Agatha Mikhaylovna, than it will, because the ice has now melted and there is no place to protect it,' said Kitty, immediately realizing her husband's intention and turning to the old woman with the same feeling. 'But your saltyness is what your mother says, and she has not eaten it anywhere,' she added, smiling and adjusting her bosom.
Agatha Mikhaylovna looked at Kitty angry.
'Do not comfort me, my lady.
I'll look at you with him, and I'm having fun,' she said, and that rude expression with him, not with them, touched Kitty.
'Come with us for the mushrooms, you will show us the places. 'Agatha Mikhaylovna smiled, rocked sex, as it were, 'and would be happy to be angry with you, but you can't.'
'Do, please, on my advice,' said the old princess, 'put the paper out of the jam and weave it with rum, and there will never be mold without ice.
Kitty was particularly pleased to be alone with her husband because she noticed how the shadow of sadness ran through his face so alive that he entered the terrace and asked what had been said and did not answer him.
As they walked ahead of others, and went out of sight of the house on a road that was rolled up, dusty, and shrivelled with rusty ears and grains, she leaned more firmly on his hand and pressed it toward her.
He had already forgotten a moment's unpleasant experience and felt alone with her now that the thought of her pregnancy had not left him for a moment, yet a new and joyful, completely pure pleasure from feeling close to the woman he loved.
There was nothing to say, but he wanted to hear the sound of her voice, just like the look that had changed since she was pregnant.
The voice, as in the eyes, was soft and serious, like that of people who were constantly focused on one thing they loved.
'So you won't get tired?
Stretch more,' he said.
'No, I am so happy to be alone with you, and I confess, however well I feel with them, that I feel sorry for our winter evenings alone.'
'That was good, which is even better.
Both are better,' he said, holding her hand.
'Do you know what we were talking about when you came in?
'The jam?'
'Yes, and jam; but then how they propose.'
'Ah! 'Said Levin, listening more to the sound of her voice than to the words she had spoken, always thinking about the road that was now in the woods, and bypassing the places where she might go wrong.'
'And about Sergei Ivanović and Varenka?'
Have you noticed?
I very much wish that,' she continued. 'What do you think of that?' 'And she looked into his face.
'I don't know what to think,' answered Levin smiling. 'Ah, Sergei is very strange to me in this regard.
I told you...
'Yes, that he was in love with this girl who died...'
'It was when I was a child; I know it by tradition.
I remember him then.
He was amazingly nice.
But since then, I've been watching him with women: he's kind, he likes some, but you feel like they're just people to him, not women.
'Yes, but now with Varenka...
I think there's something...
'Maybe there is...'
But he needs to be known...
He's a special, amazing man.
He lives the same spiritual life.
He's too pure and tall a man's soul.
'How?
Would that humiliate him?
'No, but he is so used to living the same spiritual life that he cannot reconcile with reality, and Varenka is still a reality.
Levin was now used to speaking his mind with courage, without having to put her in precise words; he knew that the wife would understand what he was saying in such loving moments as now, with a hint, and she understood him.
'Yes, but it is not as real as I am; I understand that he would never love me.
She's all spiritual...
'No, he loves you so much, and I'm always so pleased that my love for you...'
'Yes, he is kind to me, but...
'But not as with Nikolejka the deceased... you fell in love with each other,' Levin finished. 'Why not say?' 'He added.' 'I sometimes blame myself: it will end with what you forget.'
Ah, what a terrible and adorable man...
Yeah, so what were we talking about? 'Be silent,' said Levin.
'You think he can't fall in love,' said Kitty, translating into her own language.
'Not that he cannot fall in love,' said Levin smiling, 'but he does not have the weakness he needs...
I've always been jealous of him, and now that I'm so happy, I'm still jealous.
'Are you jealous that he can't fall in love?'
'I envy that he is better than me,' said Levin smiling. 'He does not live for himself.
He's got his whole life in the line of duty.
That's why he can be calm and happy.
'And you? 'with a laughing, lovely smile,' said Kitty.
She could not express the course of thought that made her smile; but the final conclusion was that her husband, who admired her brother and humiliated himself before him, was insincere.
Kitty knew that his insincerity had come from love for his brother, from a sense of condolence for being too happy, and especially from a lack of his desire to be better,' she loved it in him and therefore smiled.
'And you?
What's wrong with you? 'She asked with the same smile.'
Her distrust of his displeasure made him happy, and he unconsciously challenged her to give reasons for her mistrust.
'I am happy, but displeased with myself...' he said.
'So how can you be displeased if you're happy?'
'I mean, how do I tell you?'
I don't want anything but to make sure you don't trip.
Oh, you can't jump like that!--he interrupted his conversation by reproaching her for making too fast a move across the trail of bitches. 'But when I think of myself and compare myself with others, especially my brother, I feel bad.
'What's the matter? --and Kitty kept smiling with the same smile. 'Aren't you doing it for others, too?'
And your hooters and your farm and your book?
'No, I feel especially now: you are guilty,' he said, holding her hand, 'that this is not the case.
I'm doing it this way, a little bit.
If I could love this whole thing like I love you... or I've been doing my homework lately.
'Well, what do you think of Dad?' 'Ask Kitty. 'What, and he's bad because he didn't do anything for a common cause?'
'He? --no.
But you have to have that simplicity, clarity, kindness, like your father, and do I have that?
I don't do and I suffer.
You've done all this.
When you were gone and you weren't there yet,' he said, looking at her stomach, which she understood, 'I put all my strength on the case; now I can't, and I'm ashamed; I'm doing exactly as a lesson, I'm pretending...
'Well, would you like to trade with Sergei Ivanich now? 'Oh, Kitty said.' 'Would you like to do this common cause and love this chosen lesson like him, and that's all?'
'Of course not,' said Levin. 'But I am so happy that I do not understand.'
You think he's gonna propose now? 'He put it up when he was silent.'
'And I think not.'
I'm the only one who really wants to.
Wait. 'She leaned and ripped off a wild chamomile on the edge of the road. 'Well, count: he will, he will not propose,' she said, giving him a flower.
'He will, he will not,' said Levin, cutting off the white narrow, expensive petals.
'No, no! 'When she grabbed his hand, Kitty stopped him, anxiously following his fingers. 'You ripped two off.
'Well, this little one doesn't count,' said Levin, ripping off a short little petal. 'So the ruler caught up with us.
'Aren't you tired, Kitty? 'Screamed the Princess.'
'Nothing.'
'Sit down if the horses are still, and step away.'
But you shouldn't have sat down. It was close, and everyone walked.
IV
Varenka, in her white scarf on her black hair, surrounded by the children, being kindly and amused by them, and apparently excited by the possibility of an explanation with a man she likes, was very attractive.
Koznyshev walked next to her and never stopped looking at her.
Looking at her, he remembered all the lovely speeches he heard from her, all the things he knew about her, and more and more aware that the feeling he felt about her was something special that he had experienced a long time ago and only once, in his first youth.
The sense of joy from being close to her increased to the point where, by putting into her basket what he had found on a thin root with the edges of the berze mushroom, he looked into her eyes and, after seeing the paint of the joyous and frightened excitement that had covered her face, was embarrassed himself and smiled at her silently with a smile that spoke too much.
"If so," he said to himself, "I must think and decide, not give up like a boy, the passion of the moment."
'I will now go, regardless of everyone, to collect mushrooms, or my acquisitions are invisible,' he said, and went out of the woods alone, where they walked on silky low grass between rare old berets, into the middle of the forest, where the trunks of the axis were torn between the white berets, and the bushes of the peanuts were dark.
When Koznyshev walked away from his 40s and entered the bush of Beresclute in full colour with his pink red earrings, he stopped, knowing that he was not being seen.
It was completely quiet around him.
Only at the top of the berets under which he stood, like a bee's rooster, were flies silently sounded, and the voices of the children were sometimes heard.
Suddenly, near the edge of the forest, Varenka's counteraltic voice called Grisha, and a happy smile appeared on the face of Sergei Ivanovic.
In recognition of that smile, Sergei Ivanovic shook his head against his fortune and delivered the cigar and started smoking.
He hasn't been able to light a match on the birch trunk for a long time.
The soft film of the white bark covered the phosphorous, and the fire was black.
Finally, one of the matches lit up, and the scented smoke of the cigar swirling with a large tablecloth definitely reached forward and up above the bush into the birch branches.
In keeping with his eyes on the strip of smoke, Koznyshev took a quiet step, thinking about his condition.
"Why not? 'He thought.' 'If it were a flash or a passion, if I felt only that passion -- it was a mutual attraction (I can say mutual), but it would feel that it ran counter to the entire warehouse of my life, if I felt that by giving in to it I was changing my calling and duty... but it was not.'
One thing I can say against is that when I lost Marie, I told myself that I would remain faithful to her memory.
One thing I can say against my feelings...
"It's important," said Sergei Ivanovic, feeling, however, that this consideration could not be of any importance to him personally, except to the detriment of his poetic role in the eyes of others.
"But besides that, no matter how much I look for, I'm not gonna find anything to say against my feelings.
If I had chosen one mind, I couldn't have found anything better."
As much as he remembered the women and girls he knew, he couldn't remember a girl who would connect everything to such a degree, exactly all the qualities that he, in cold reasoning, wanted to see in his wife.
She had all the beauty and freshness of youth, but she was not a child, and if she loved him, she loved him consciously, as a woman should love: it was one thing.
Another: Not only was she far from secularism, but she apparently had an aversion to light, but she knew the light and had all the techniques of a woman of good society, without which Sergei Ivanovic had an incredible girlfriend of life.
Third, she was religious, and not as a child without account of religion and good, such as Kitty; but her life was based on religious beliefs.
Even before the small things, Sergei Ivanovov found in her all that he wanted of his wife: she was poor and alone, so she would not bring with her many relatives and their influence into her husband's house, as he had seen on Kitty, but would owe everything to her husband, as he had always wanted for his future family life.
And this girl, who brought all these qualities together, loved him.
He was modest, but he couldn't help but see it.
And he loved her.
One argument against it was his years.
But his breed is durable, he has no gray hair, he hasn't been given 40 years, and he remembers that Varenka said that only in Russia do people in 50 think they're old, and that in France a 50-year-old man thinks he's Dans la force de l'age, and a 40-year-old thinks he's un jeune home.
But what was the count of years when he felt like a young soul, as he was 20 years ago?
Was it not youth that he felt now when, on the other side again on the edge of the forest, he saw in the bright light of the rays of the sun a graceful figure of Varenka, in a yellow dress and a basket with a light step past the trunk of an old birch, and when that impression of Varenka's view merged with that which struck him with its beauty, a view of the rayed yellow oatmeal field and behind the field of a far old forest, baked with yellowishness, melted in blue?
His heart was filled with joy.
The sense of condescension reached him.
He felt he had made up his mind.
Varenka, who had just sat down to lift the mushroom, moved up and looked back.
After leaving the cigar, Sergei Ivanovic took decisive steps towards it.
V
"Varvar Andreevna, when I was very young, "I formed the ideal of a woman I would love and I would be happy to call my wife.
I've lived a long life and now I've met you for the first time what I've been looking for.
I love you and offer you my hand."
Koznyshev said it to himself when he was ten feet away from Varenka.
On her knees and her hand protecting the mushroom from Grisha, she called for a little Mary.
'This way, this way! Little ones!
A lot!-- she spoke with her sweet chest voice.
When she saw Sergei Ivanovic coming, she did not rise up or change her position; but everything told him that she felt his approach and rejoiced with him.
'What, did you find anything?' 'She asked, because of the white handkerchief, turning her beautiful, quietly smiling face toward him.'
'None,' said Koznyshev. 'And you?
She didn't answer him, busy with the kids around her.
'And this one, by the branch,' she pointed out to the little Masha, a small raw woman cut across her serrated pink hat with a dry grass from which she was ripping out.
She got up when Masha, breaking into two white halves, raised the cheesecake. 'It reminds me of my childhood,' she added, retreating from the children near Sergei Ivanovich.
They took several steps in silence.
Varenka saw what he wanted to say; she knew what she was dying of the excitement of joy and fear.
They went so far that no one could hear them anymore, but he still hasn't started talking.
It was better for Varenka to keep quiet.
After silence, it was easier to say what they wanted to say than after talking about mushrooms; but against their will, as if by accident, Varenka said:
'So you didn't find anything?
It's always smaller in the middle of the forest, though.
Koznyshev sighed and answered nothing.
He was upset that she was talking about mushrooms.
He wanted to turn her back to the first words she had said about her childhood; but, as if against his will, after a few minutes of silence, he made a comment on her last words.
'I have only heard that whites are mostly on the edge, although I can't tell the difference between white.'
A few more minutes later, they moved further away from the children and were completely alone.
Varenka's heart beat so that she could hear his punches and feel red, pale, and red again.
To be the wife of a man like Koznyshev, after her position with Mrs. Stahl, she seemed to be on top of happiness.
Besides, she was pretty sure she was in love with him. And now it had to be decided.
She was scared. It was scary what he was gonna say and what he wasn't gonna say.
Now or never, Sergei Ivanovic felt the same way.
Everything in the eyes, in the lumber, in the eyes of Varenka, showed a painful wait.
Koznyshev saw it and felt sorry for it.
He felt even that not saying anything now meant insulting her.
In his mind, he quickly repeated every argument in favour of his decision.
He also repeated to himself the words by which he wanted to express his proposal; but instead of those words, according to some unexpected thought, he suddenly asked:
'What is the difference between white and birch?
Varenka's lips shivered when she answered:
'There's almost no difference in the hat, but at the root.'
And as soon as those words were spoken, and he and she realized that the matter was over, that what was to be said would not be said, and their anxiety, which had come to a great degree before it, became quiet.
'Berez mushroom -- its root is like a two-day non-shaved brunette beard,' said Koznyshev.
'Yes, it is true,' answered Varenka smiling, and the direction of their walk changed.
They began to approach the children.
Varenka felt pain and shame, but also felt relief.
When Koznyshev returned home and went through all the arguments, he found out what he was thinking wrong.
He couldn't change Marie's memory.
'Silence, children, quiet! 'In fact Levin screamed angryly at the children, becoming in front of his wife to protect her when a crowd of children screamed with joy to meet them.
After the children came out of the woods and Koznyshev and Varenka.
Kitty did not need to ask Varenka; she understood in a calm and somewhat embarrassed way that her plans had not come true.
'Well, what? 'Ask her husband when they returned home again.'
'Don't take it,' said Kitty, with a smile and a manner of speaking, reminding his father that he often saw Levin with pleasure in her.
'How does he not take it?'
'This way,' she said, taking her husband's hand, raising her to her mouth and touching her with unopened lips. 'It's like the Architect's hand is kissed.
'Who doesn't take it from?' 'He said, laughing.'
'Both of them.
You have to be like this.
'The men are on their way...'
'No, they didn't.
VI
During the children's tea, the big ones sat on the balcony and spoke as if nothing had happened, although everyone, and in particular Sergei Ivanovic and Varenka, knew very well what had happened, although it was a negative but very important thing.
They felt both the same feelings as a student after a failed exam, who remained in the same class or permanently expelled from the institution.
Everyone here, feeling that something had happened, said a lot about foreign subjects.
Levin and Kitty felt particularly happy and loving this evening.
And that they were happy with their love, it was a nasty hint of those who wanted and could not, and they were ashamed.
'Remember my word: Alexandre will not come,' said the old Princess.
This evening, they waited from Stepan Arkadyić's train, and the old prince wrote that maybe he would come.
'And I know why,' the Princess continued, 'he says that young people should be left alone for the first time.
'Yes, Dad has left us already.'
We didn't see him,' said Kitty. 'And how young are we?'
We're so old.
'Only if he does not come, and I will say goodbye to you children,' said the Princess, with a sad sigh.
'Come on, Mother!' both daughters attacked her.
'What does it feel like?'
'Cause now...
And all of a sudden, the old Princess's voice trembled.
The daughters shut up and looked at each other.
"Maman will always find something sad for himself," they said with that look.
They didn't know that, as well as the Princess had her daughter, as much as she felt she needed to be here, she was painfully sad for herself and for her husband since they married the last daughter they loved and the family nest was empty.
'What do you want, Agatha Mikhaylovna? 'Ask Kitty suddenly stopped with a mysterious view and a significant face of Agatha Mikhaylovna.
'For dinner.'
'Well, that's great,' said Dolly, 'you handle it, and I'll go with Grisha and repeat his lesson.
'Cause he didn't do anything today.
'This is my lesson!
No, Dolly, I will go,' said Levin, jumping up.
Grisha, already enrolled in the gymnasium, was scheduled to repeat lessons in the summer.
Daria Alexandrovna, who was still studying Latin with her son in Moscow, came to Levin's, and made it a rule for herself to repeat with him, even once a day, the most difficult of arithmetic and Latin.
Levin volunteered to replace her; but the mother, having heard Levin's lesson once and having noticed that this was not done in the way the teacher rehearsed in Moscow, having hesitated and tried not to insult Levin, strongly told him that it was necessary to follow the book as a teacher, and that she would do it again.
Levin was also disappointed at Stepan Arkadiyić for not being careless, but at his mother for observing a teaching in which she understood nothing, and at the teachers for teaching children so badly; but his sister-in-law promised to teach the teaching as she wanted.
And he continued to study with Grisha, not in his own way, but in his book, and therefore reluctantly and often forgetting the time of the lesson.
That's what happened today.
'No, I will go, Dolly, you sit,' he said. 'We will do everything in order, according to the book.'
Except when Steve gets here, we'll go hunting, then I'll miss it.
And Levin went to Grisha.
That's what Varenka Kitty said.
Varenka, and in the well - arranged house of the Levins, was able to be of use. 'I will order dinner, and you will sit,' she said, and stood up for Agatha Mikhaylovna.
'Yeah, yeah, right, they didn't find any chickens. Then my...' said Kitty.
'We will judge with Agatha Mikhaylovna. 'And Varenka fled with her.
'What a lovely girl! 'The Princess said.'
'Not cute, maman, but adorable as ever.'
'So you're waiting for Stepan Arkadyić now? 'Oh, Koznyshev said, obviously not wanting to continue talking about Varenka. 'It is difficult to find two brother-in-laws less like your husbands,' he said with a subtle smile. 'One moving, living only in society, like a fish in water; the other, our Kostya, alive, fast, sensitive to everything, but as soon as the society is dead, or the fish on earth beats like a wild fish.'
'Yes, he is very careless,' said the Princess, turning to Sergei Ivanovic. 'I specifically wanted to ask you to talk to him, that she (she pointed out to Kitty) could not stay here, but must certainly come to Moscow.
He says to discharge a doctor...
'Maman, he will do it, he will agree to it all,' said Kitty, with annoyance at her mother for calling Judge Sergei Ivanovich in this case.
In the middle of their conversation in the alley, there was a sniffing of horses and the sound of the wheels on the ground.
Before Dolly could get up to meet her husband, like downstairs, from the window of the room in which Grisha was studying, Levin jumped out and sat down Grisha.
'This is Steve!' said Levin from under the balcony. 'We're done, Dolly, don't be afraid! 'He added, and as a boy he went running toward the crew.'
'Is, ea, id, ejus, ejus, ejus,' cried Grisha, jumping up the alley.
'And someone else.
That's right, Dad! 'Screamed Levin at the entrance to the alley. 'Kiti, don't walk in the cool stairwell, but round.'
But Levin was wrong to think of the man sitting in the wheelchair as an old prince.
When he approached the wheelchair, he saw a handsome young man in a Scottish cap with long ends of ribbon back, not the Prince, near Stepan Arkadić.
It was Vasenka Veslovsky, Sherbatsky &apos; s second cousin -- Peterburg-Moscow &apos; s brilliant young man, "the finest little and passionate hunter," as he was introduced by Stepan Arkadych.
Not embarrassed by the disappointment he had caused, replacing the old prince himself, Veslovsky said hi to Levin, reminding him of his previous acquaintance, and by taking him to Grishu's wheelchair, he carried him through a ponter, which Stepan Arkadić was carrying with him.
Levin did not sit in the wheelchair, but went from behind.
He was a little upset that the old prince he knew had not come, the more he loved him, and that this Vasenka Veslovsky, a complete stranger, appeared.
He felt even more foreign and redundant that when Levin approached the porch, which had a busy crowd of large and children, he saw that Vasenka Veslovsky, with a particularly sweet and gallant view, kissed Kitty's hand.
'And we cousins with your wife, and old acquaintances as well,' said Vasenka Veslovsky, shaking Levin's hand firmly again.
'Do you have any game?' 'I turned to Levin, Stepan Arkadić, who barely had time for everyone to say hello.' 'We are with him with the most violent intentions.
Well, maman, they haven't been to Moscow since.
Well, Tanya, here you go!
Please get it in the back of the wheelchair,' he said to all sides. 'How refreshing you are, Dollenka,' he said to his wife, kissing her hand again, holding her in his hand, and talking at each other's top.
Levin, a minute ago, who was in the most fun mood, now looked down at everyone, and he didn't like everything.
"Who was he kissing with those lips yesterday?" 'He thought, looking at the tenderness of Stepan Arkadyić with his wife.'
He looked at Dolly, and he didn't like her either.
"She doesn't believe his love.
So why is she so happy?
That's disgusting!" 'I thought Levin.'
He looked at the Princess, who was so sweet to him a minute ago, and he didn't like the manner in which she welcomed Vasenka with his ribbons, as she did to her house.
Even Koznyshev, who also went out on the porch, seemed distasteful to him by the pretense friendship with which he met Stepan Arkadyić, while Levin knew that his brother did not love or respect Oblonsky.
Both Varenka and she were disgusted by the way she and her kind of sainte nituche met this gentleman, when all she thought about was getting married.
And Kitty was the most disgusting of all in the way she gave herself to the tone of fun with which this gentleman looked at her coming to the village as a feast for herself and for all, and in particular was the special smile she answered his smiles.
When they spoke loudly, they all went into the house: but as soon as they all sat down, Levin turned and went out.
Kitty saw something happen to her husband.
She wanted to get a minute alone to talk to him, but he rushed away from her, saying he needed to go to the office.
Long ago, he didn't seem as important as he was today.
"They have all the holidays," he thought, "and there are things that aren't festive, that aren't waiting and can't live without."
VII
Levin returned home only when they sent him out for dinner.
Kitty stood on the stairs with Agatha Mikhaylovna, consulting about wine for dinner.
'What do you think you're doing?
Give me what's normal.
'No, Steve doesn't drink...'
Kostya, wait, what's wrong with you? 'Kiti spoke in time for him, but he took great steps to the dining room without waiting for her, and immediately entered into a lively conversation, which was supported there by Vasenka Veslovsky and Stepan Arkadić.
'Well, shall we go hunting tomorrow?' 'Stepan Arkadić said.'
'Please, let's go,' said Veslovsky, sitting side by side on another chair and pressing his fat foot under him.
'I'm very pleased, let's go.
Have you hunted this year? 'Said Levin of Veslovsky, looking closely at his foot, but with the pretending pleasure that Kitty knew so well in him, and which did not follow him.' 'Dupleys don't know if we'll find a lot of beckas.
You just have to go early.
Won't you get tired?
Aren't you tired, Steve?
'Am I tired?
I've never been tired.
Let's not sleep all night!
Let's go for a walk.
'In fact, let's not sleep! Great! 'Veslovsky confirmed.
'Oh, we are sure of that that you may not sleep and not give to others,' said Dolly to her husband with a slight irony with which she now almost always treated her husband. 'And I think it's time...'
I'm gonna go, I'm not having dinner.
'No, you sit down, Dollenka,' said Stepan Arkadych, moving to her side at the big table at which they had dinner. 'I'll tell you how much more!
'That's right, nothing.
'You know, Veslovsky was at Anna's.
And he's on his way back.
'Cause they're only 70 yards away from you.
And I'm gonna go, too.
Veslovsky, come here!
Vasenka went to the ladies and sat next to Kitty.
'Oh, please tell me, have you been to her?
How is she? 'Daria Alexandrovna turned to him.
Levin stayed at the other end of the table and, while still speaking to the Princess and Varenka, saw a lively and mysterious conversation between Stepan Arkadyić, Dolly, Kitty, and Veslovsky.
Not only was there a mysterious conversation, but he saw in his wife's face an expression of a serious feeling when she, while keeping her eyes open, looked into Vasenka's beautiful face, something lively to tell.
'It's very good for them,' said Vasenka about Vronski and Anna. 'I certainly do not judge, but in their house you feel like a family.
'What do they intend to do?'
'I think they want to go to Moscow for the winter.'
'How good it would be for us to move in with them!
When are you gonna go? 'Stepan Arkadić asked Vasenka.
'I will spend July with them.
'Are you going?' 'Stepan Arkadić turned to his wife.
'I have long wanted and will surely go,' said Dolly. 'I feel sorry for her, and I know her.
She's a beautiful woman.
I'm gonna go alone when you leave, and I'm not gonna embarrass anyone.
And even better without you.
'And fine,' said Stepan Arkadić. 'And you, Kitty?
'I am?
Why would I go? 'In the heat, Kitty said. And she looked back at her husband.
'Do you know Anna Arkadievna? 'I asked her Veslovsky.' 'She is a very attractive woman.
'Yes,' even more red, she answered Veslovsky, stood up and approached her husband.
'So you're going hunting tomorrow? 'She said.'
His jealousy in these few minutes, especially the roman that covered her cheeks when she spoke to Veslovsky, had already gone far.
Now, listening to her words, he understood them in his own way.
Strangely enough, it seemed to him that if she asked him if he was going hunting, she would only be interested in knowing if he would give it to Vasenka Veslovsky, whom he thought she was already in love with.
'Yes, I will go,' he answered her with an unnatural, nasty voice himself.
'No, you'd better stay tomorrow, 'or Dolly didn't see her husband at all, but go the day after tomorrow,' said Kitty.
The meaning of Kitty's words has now been translated by Levin: "Don't separate me from him.
I don't care if you leave, but let me enjoy the company of this lovely young man."
'Oh, if you want, we'll be there tomorrow,' answered Levin with special pleasure.
Vasenka, in the meantime, had no idea of the suffering caused by his presence, followed Kitty up from the table and followed her with a smiling, gentle look and followed her.
Levin saw that look.
He turned pale and couldn't take a breath any minute.
"How can I afford to look at my wife like that?" 'Cause there's a whirlwind in it.
'Tomorrow?
Let's go, please,' said Vasenka, sitting on a chair and turning her leg around again in his habit.
Levin's jealousy has gone even further.
He's already seen himself as a cheated husband who his wife and lover need only to give them comfort and pleasure...
But despite that, he kindly and kindly questioned Vasenka about his hunting, gun, boots, and agreed to go tomorrow.
For Levin's happiness, the old Princess ended his suffering by standing up and advising Kitty to go to bed.
But there was no escape without another suffering for Levin.
By saying goodbye to the mistress, Vasenka once again wanted to kiss her hand, but Kitty, red, with the naive rudeness for which her mother then spoke, said, by repelling her hand:
'That's not what we do.
In Levin's eyes, she was guilty of allowing such a relationship and was even more guilty of making it so awkward that she did not like it.
'What a dream to sleep! 'Stepan Arkadić said, after drinking a few glasses of wine at dinner, who had come into his sweetest and most poetic mood.' 'Look, look, Kitty,' he said, pointing to the moon rising because of its stick, 'what a beauty!'
Veslovsky, that's when the serenade.
You know, he's got a nice voice, and he and I got along.
He brought with him beautiful novels, new two.
With Varvara Andreevna, I'd like to sing.
When they were all separated, Stepan Arkadić walked with Veslovsky on the alley for a long time and heard their voices singing at the new novel.
Listening to these voices, Levin sat on a chair in his wife's bedroom and kept silent on her questions about what was with him; but when she had finally smiled shyly, she said, "Did you not like something with Veslovsky?" 'He threw up, and he said everything; what he said insulted him and therefore further annoyed him.'
He stood in front of her with glittering eyes under his eyebrows and pressed his strong hands against her chest, as if he were working hard to hold himself back.
The expression of his face would have been harsh and even cruel if he had not, at the same time, expressed the suffering that had touched him.
His cheekbones were shaking and his voice was breaking.
'You realize I'm not jealous: it's a nasty word.'
I can't be jealous and believe that...
I can't tell you how I feel, but it's awful...
I'm not jealous, but I'm insulted, humiliated by the fact that someone dares to think, dares to look at you with such eyes...
'What kind of eyes?' 'Said Kitty, trying to remember as faithfully as possible all the speeches and gestures of this evening and all their shades.
Deep down, she found that there was something just the minute he followed her to the other end of the table, but she didn't dare admit it even to herself, and she didn't want to tell him that and increase his suffering with it.
'And what could be attractive about me, who am I?'
'Ah!' he cried, grabbing his head. 'You wouldn't say!'
So if you were attractive...
'No, no, Kostya, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. 'She spoke with a painful and condescending expression looking at him. 'Well, what can you think?'
When I don't have people, I don't, I don't!
You want me not to see anyone?
At the first minute, she was insulted by his jealousy; she was displeased that the slightest entertainment, and the most innocent, was forbidden to her; but now she would willingly sacrifice not so little, but all for his peace, in order to save him from the suffering he had experienced.
'You understand the horror and commism of my position,' he continued with a desperate whisper, 'that he is in my house, that he has done nothing indecent, in fact, because he has done nothing but this unhappiness and the pressing of his legs.
He thinks it's the best tone, and that's why I have to be nice to him.
'But, Kostya, you are exaggerating,' said Kitty, in the heart, rejoicing at the power of love for her now expressed in his jealousy.
'The worst part is that you are -- what you always are, and now that you are such a saint to me, we are so happy, so happy, and suddenly such a shit...'
No shit, why am I fighting him?
I don't care about him.
But what's mine, your happiness?
'You know, I understand why it happened,' Kitty began.
'Why? Why?
'I saw the way you looked when we talked at dinner.
'Yes, yes!' said Levin terrifiedly.
She told him what they were talking about. And by telling it, she was suffocating with excitement.
Levin shut up, then looked at her pale, frightened face, and suddenly grabbed his head.
'Katha, I have tormented you!
Sweetheart, I'm so sorry!
This is crazy!
Katya, it's all my fault.
And was it such a stupid thing to suffer?
'No, I feel sorry for you.
'Me?
Me?
What me? Crazy...
What are you for?
It's awful to think that anyone else can upset our happiness.
'Of course it is offensive...'
'No, on the contrary, I will leave him to us on purpose all summer, and I will break up with him kindly,' said Levin, kissing her hands. 'You'll see.
Tomorrow...
Yeah, really, we're going tomorrow.
VIII
On the other day, the ladies had not yet stood up as the hunting crew, the rollers, and the cart were standing at the door, and Laska, who had seen from the morning that she was going hunting, climbing and jumping, was sitting on the skating rollers by the counter, anxiously and uncooperatively staring at the door from which the hunters had not yet come out.
The first came out of Vasenka Veslovsky in his big new boots, which reached up to half the thick legs, in a green blouse, worn by a new, skin-smart amphibian, and in its ribbon cap, and with an English brand-new gun with no anatopes and blindfolds.
Laska jumped up to him, welcomed him, jumped, asked him in her own way if they would come out soon, but without an answer from him, she returned to her post and froze again, turning her head sideways and guarding one ear.
Finally, the door turned upside down, flew out, spinning and turning in the air, Krak, Stepan Arkadiyić's half-punter, and Stepan Arkadić himself came out with a gun in his hand and a cigar in his mouth.
"Tubo, Tubo, Crack!" 'He groaned fondly at the dog, who poked his paws on his belly and chest, clinging to them to the lamb.'
Stepan Arkadić was wearing pistons and racks, torn panties and a short coat.
There was a broken hat on the head, but the gun of the new system was a toy, and the lamb and the amplifier, though worn out, were the best of kindness.
Vasenka Veslovsky did not understand before this true hunting chastity -- to be in the bounces, but to have a hunting gear of the best quality.
He realized that now, looking at Stepan Arkadyić, in these rods of his glittering, elegant, fed and merry Baroque figure, and decided that he was going to do that for the next hunt.
'Well, what about our master?' 'He asked.'
'The young wife,' said Stepan Arkadić, smiling.
'Yes, and so lovely.'
'He was already dressed.
That's right, he ran to her again.
Stepan Arkadych guessed.
Levin went back to his wife to ask her again if she had forgiven him for his foolishness yesterday, and then to ask her to be more careful, for Christ's sake. The important thing is that the kids would be further away -- they can always push.
Then I had to get her to confirm that she wasn't mad at him for leaving for two days, and I had to ask her to send him a note tomorrow morning with a top man, to write just two words, just so he could know she was safe.
Kitty, as always, was hurt to break up with her husband for two days, but when she saw his lively figure, which seemed particularly large and strong in hunting boots and white blues, and some radiance of hunting arousal, she forgot her joy and weight-- lo said goodbye to him.
'It's my fault, gentlemen! 'He said, running to the porch.' 'Has breakfast been served?'
What's with the redhead on the right?
Well, whatever.
Laska, come on, let's go sit down!
'Let him enter the blank herd,' he turned to the cattleman, waiting for him at the porch, asking about the wolfs. 'It's my fault, there's another villain coming.
Levin jumped off the skating that he had already taken to, to the closet, with a sewn up to the porch.
'You didn't come to the office yesterday, now you're holding me.
Well?
'Observe another turn.
Just add three steps. And we're gonna get it right.
It's gonna be a lot more dead.
'You would have listened to me,' answered Levin with shame. 'I said, set thetas and then run the steps.'
You can't fix it now.
Do as I told you to. Take a new one.
The thing was, in the building of the fligel, a rowman ruined the ladder by cutting it off separately and keeping it up, so all the steps were rolling when it was put in place.
Now the crewman wanted to leave the same ladder, add three steps.
'There will be much better.
'Where's she gonna go with three steps?
'Give me mercy,' said the carpenter with a contemptible smile. 'The tattoo will come out.'
As he would go downstairs,' he said with a convincing gesture,' go, go and come.
'Cause three steps will add to the length... where will it come from?
'So she will both go and come down from the bottom,' said the rower hard and convincingly.
'She will come under the ceiling and into the wall.
'Give me mercy.'
I mean, go downstairs. Go, go and come.
Levin took out the schompol and started drawing his ladder in dust.
'Well, see?
'As you command,' said the carpenter, suddenly with his eyes brightened and, apparently, having finally understood the matter. 'I guess I'm gonna have to cut a new one.
'Well, do as you are commanded!' said Levin, sitting on the rinks. 'Come on!
Here's your dog, Philip!
Levin now felt, leaving behind all his family and economic concerns, such a strong sense of joy in life and expectation that he did not want to speak.
In addition, he felt the sense of concentrated excitement that every hunter was experiencing as he approached the scene.
If anything was on his mind now, the only questions are whether they're gonna find anything in the Colpin marshes, what Laska's gonna be like compared to Crack, and somehow he's gonna be able to shoot now.
How can I not fuck with him in front of a new man?
How could Oblonsky not shoot him? 'It also occurred to him.'
Oblonsky felt the same way and was also untalking.
One Vasenka Veslovsky never stopped talking fun.
Now, listening to him, Levin was ashamed to remember how wrong he was to him yesterday.
Vasenka was a really nice little, simple, kind-hearted, and very funny.
If Levin had been single to him, he would have been close to him.
It was a little unpleasant for Levin to have his festive attitude toward life and some elegance.
It was as if he had admitted to being of high unmistakable importance for having long nails and a cap and the rest; but that could have been excused for his kindness and decency. Levin liked him with his good upbringing, excellent reprimands in French and English, and that he was a man of his world.
Vasenka was extremely fond of the steppe Donna horse on the left pin. He was all admiring her. 'How good it is to ride a steppe horse down the steppe.
He imagined something like this in riding a wild steppe horse, a poetic one from which nothing came out; but his naivety, especially in connection with his beauty, sweet smile, and grace of motion, was very attractive. Whether his nature was handsome to Levin, or whether Levin tried to atone for yesterday's sin to find all the good in him, Levin was pleased with him.
After driving away the three vertebras, Veslovsky suddenly grabbed a cigar and a wallet, and did not know whether he had lost them or left them on the table.
There were three hundred seventy rubles in the wallet, so you couldn't leave it like that.
'You know what, Levin, I'm gonna go home on this Donna plaque.
That's gonna be great. Huh? 'He said, getting ready to fit in.'
'No, why?' 'Saying to Levin, who had calculated that Vasenka should have at least six poodles of weight. 'I'll send a coachman.
The coachman went to the dungeon, and Levin began ruling the couple himself.
IX
'Well, what is our route?'
Tell me well,' said Stepan Arkadych.
'The plan is: now we are going to the Nlavev.
In the Nail, the swamp is duplicitous on the other side, and the Nail is followed by the lovely beckass marshes, and there are the duples.
Now it's hot, and we'll come by tonight and pick up the evening field; we'll spend the night, and tomorrow we'll be in the big marshes.
'Isn't there anything, dear?
'Yes; but it will be long and hot.