She took it with both hands by the hand and pulled it to her waist, without letting it go.
'Well, I am very glad,' he said, looking back at her, her hair, her dress, which he knew she was wearing for him.
He liked it all, but he loved it so many times!
And the hard-stone expression she was so afraid of stopped at his face.
'Well, I'm very pleased.
Are you healthy? 'He said, with a scarve of wet beard and kissing her hand.
'It's all the same,' she thought, 'as long as he's here, and when he's here, he can't, he doesn't dare not love me.'
It was a happy evening with Princess Barbara, who complained to him that Anna had taken morphine without him.
'What shall we do?'
I couldn't sleep...
Thoughts got in the way.
I never take it with him. Almost never.
He told me about the election, and Anna was able to challenge him to the very thing that made him happy -- his success.
She told him everything he was interested in at home. And all her intel was the fun part.
But late in the evening, when they were alone, Anna, seeing that she had taken possession of them again, wanted to erase the hard impression of looking at the letter. She said:
'And admit it, you were disappointed to receive the letter, and you didn't believe me?'
She just said that, she realized that, as much as he was in love with her now, he didn't forgive her.
'Yes,' he said. 'The letter was so strange.
Ani's sick, you wanted to come.
'It was all true.
'I have no doubt.
'No, you doubt it.
You're not happy, I see.
'No minute.'
I'm just not happy, it's true that it's like you don't want to admit that there are responsibilities...
'The duty to go to the concert...'
'But let us not speak,' he said.
'Why not speak?' 'She said.'
'I just want to say that we can meet the cases that are necessary.'
Now I'm gonna have to go to Moscow on business at home...
Ah, Anna, why are you so annoying?
Don't you know I can't live without you?
'And if so,' said Anna, suddenly with a changed voice, 'you are burdened with this life...
Yeah, you're gonna come in for a day and you're gonna leave like they do...
'Anna, this is cruel.
I've been willing to give up my whole life...
But she didn't listen to him.
'If you go to Moscow, so will I.
I'm not staying here.
Either we have to separate or we have to live together.
'Cause you know it's one of my wishes.
But for that...
'Would you like a divorce?'
I'll text him.
I can see I can't live like this...
But I'm going to Moscow with you.
'Of course you're threatening me.
I do not want anything more than to be separated from you,' he said with a smile.
But not only the cold, angry look of a man who was persecuted and fiercely shone in his eyes when he spoke these tender words.
She saw that look and correctly guessed its meaning.
"If that's the case, it's a disaster!" 'Said that look in his eyes.'
It was a momentary impression, but she never forgot it.
Anna wrote a letter to her husband asking him for a divorce, and at the end of November, she moved to Moscow with Princess Barbara, who had to go to Petersburg.
Waiting every day for Alexey Alexandrovich's reply and following the divorce, they now settled together.
PART SEVENTH
The Levins had lived in Moscow for the third month.
It was a long time ago that, according to the best estimates of the people who knew these cases, Kitty was to be born; yet she was still carrying, and it was not obvious that time would be closer now than two months ago.
Both the doctor and the midwife and Dolly and the mother, and in particular Levin, could not think of the approaching without horror, began to be impatient and anxious; Kitty alone felt completely calm and happy.
She was now clearly aware of the emergence of a new feeling of love for the future, partly for her already real child, and with pleasure she listened to that feeling.
He was no longer a part of her anymore, and sometimes he lived his own life independently of her.
She was often hurt by this-- oh, but she wanted to laugh at the strange new joy.
Everyone she loved was with her, and everyone was so kind to her, so caring for her, one thing so pleasant in everything was for her, that if she didn't know and felt that it was going to end soon, she wouldn't want a better and more pleasant life.
One thing that ruined her beauty of this life was that her husband was not the man she loved him and the way he was in the village.
She loved his calm, sweet and welcoming tone in the village.
In the city, he seemed constantly anxious and wary, as if afraid that someone would hurt him and, above all, hers.
There, in the village, he apparently knew his place, was not in a hurry and had never been busy.
Here in town, he was in a hurry to miss something, and he had nothing to do.
And she felt sorry for him.
For others, she knew he didn't seem pathetic; on the contrary, when Kitty looked at him in society, as he sometimes looked at a loved one, trying to see him as a stranger to determine the impression he was making on others, she saw, with fear even for her jealousy, that he was not only pathetic but very attractive to his decency, somewhat old-fashioned, shy courtesy of women, her strong figure, and, as she saw it, special as her expression.
But she saw him not from the outside, but from the inside; she saw that he was not real; otherwise she could not determine his condition.
She sometimes blamed him in her heart for not being able to live in the city: sometimes she realized that it was really hard for him to make his life here to be happy with her.
Really, what was he supposed to do?
He didn't like playing cards.
I didn't go to the club.
With funny men like Oblonski, she already knew what it meant... it meant to drink and go after drinking somewhere.
She couldn't think without fear where men went in such cases.
To go into the light?
But she knew that it took a pleasure to get close to young women, and she couldn't want to.
Sitting at home with her, with her mother and sisters?
But no matter how pleasant and amusing she was, the same conversation -- Alina Nadina, as the old prince called it between the sisters -- she knew that he should be bored.
What was he supposed to do?
Keep writing your book?
He tried to do so and went to the library first to do his books and statements; but as he told her, the more he did nothing, the less time he had left.
And besides, he complained to her that he talked too much about his book here and that because of all the thoughts he had about her, he lost interest.
One of the benefits of this city's life was that there was never a fight between them here in the city.
Whether the conditions of the city were different or because they were both more cautious and prudent in this regard, in Moscow they did not have an argument because of the jealousy they were so afraid of moving to the city.
In this regard, there has been even one very important event for both of them, namely the meeting of Kitty with Wronski.
The old Princess Mary Borisovna, Kitty's godmother, who was always very fond of her, wanted to see her.
Kitty, who wasn't driving anywhere, went with her father to an honored old woman and met up with him.
Kitty at that meeting was only able to blame herself for the fact that, for a moment, when she found out in a civilian dress that she once knew, she had stopped breathing, blood poured into her heart, and bright paint, she felt it, appeared on her face.
But it only lasted for a few seconds.
Also, the father, who had deliberately spoken loudly to Vronski, did not finish her conversation, as she was already quite ready to look at Vronski, to speak to him, if necessary, just as she spoke to Princess Maria Borisovna, and above all, so that everyone before the last tone and smile would be approved by the husband, whose invisible presence she felt as if she had felt above herself at this moment.
She said a few words to him, even smiled at his joke about the elections he called "our parliament."
(I had to smile to show that she understood the joke.)
But immediately she turned to Princess Mary Borisovna and never looked at him until he stood up and said goodbye, and then she looked at him, but apparently only because it was rude not to look at a man when he bowed.
She was grateful to her father for not telling her anything about her meeting with Wronski; but she saw him in particular tenderness after the visit, during a routine walk, that he was pleased with her.
She was pleased with herself.
She wasn't expecting to have that power to hold down all the memories of her old feelings for the city of Wronski somewhere in her heart and not only to appear, but to be completely indifferent and calm to him.
Levin blushed much more than she did when she told him that she had met the Princess Mary Borisovna.
It was very difficult for her to tell him, but it was even more difficult for her to continue to talk about the details of the meeting, since he did not ask her but looked at her with frown.
'I'm sorry you weren't there,' she said. 'Not that you weren't in the room... I wouldn't be so natural in front of you...'
Now I'm blushing much more, much, much more,' she said, blushing to tears. 'But what you couldn't see in the click.'
The true eyes told Levin that she was pleased with herself, and despite her blushing, he immediately calmed down and asked her what she wanted.
When he learned everything, even to the point that she couldn't stop blushing at the first second, but that then she was as easy and as easy as she was with the first person, Levin had fun and said that he was very happy about it and would no longer be as stupid as he was in the election, but would try to be as friendly as he could when he first met him.
'It is so painful to think that there is a man almost an enemy who is hard to meet,' said Levin. 'I am very, very pleased.
'So please come to the Bolam,' said Kitty to her husband, when he was 11:00, before leaving the house, he went to her. 'I know you're having lunch at the club. Dad signed you up.
What are you doing in the morning?
'I only went to Katavasov,' answered Levin.
'What is so early?'
'He promised to introduce me to Metrov.
I wanted to talk to him about my work, a well-known Peterburg scientist,' said Levin.
'Yes, that's his article. Is that how you praised it?
And then? 'Oh, Kitty said.'
'Maybe I'll go to court on my sister's case.
'And in the concert?' 'She asked.'
'Oh, I'm going alone!
'No, go; they give these new things...
You were so interested.
I would definitely go.
'Well, at least I'll come home before lunch,' he said, looking at the clock.
'Cause put on a suture to go straight to Countess Bol.
'Is that really necessary?'
'Oh, indeed!
We had it.
What do you think you should do?
Come in, sit down, talk for five minutes about the weather, get up and leave.
'Well, you won't believe it, I'm so used to it that I'm ashamed of it.' What do you mean?
A stranger came, sat down, sat down without a job, disturbed them, upset himself, and left.
Kitty laughed.
'Aren't you the one who made the visits single?' 'She said.'
'I've done it, but I've always been honest, and now I'm so used to it that, God for God's sake, it's better not to have lunch for two days instead of this visit.
I'm so ashamed!
I think they're gonna get hurt, say, "Why did you come here without a case?"
'No, they won't.
I am responsible for that,' said Kitty, laughing at his face.
She took his hand. 'Well, goodbye...'
Please go.
He already wanted to leave by kissing his wife's hand when she stopped him.
'Kostya, you know I only have fifty rubles left.
'Well, I'll drop by from the bank.
How much? 'He said with a familiar expression of displeasure.'
'No, you wait. 'She held his hand. 'Tell me, it bothers me.
I don't seem to be paying too much, and the money's still floating.
We're doing something wrong.
'Nothing,' he said, reclining and looking down on her.
She knew it was rocking.
It was a sign of his great displeasure, not her, but himself.
He was really displeased, but not that he had a lot of money, but that he was reminded of something he wanted to forget, knowing that something was wrong.
'I told Sokolov to sell wheat and take it forward for the mill.'
There's gonna be money anyway.
'No, but I'm afraid there's a lot of...
'Not at all, not at all,' he repeated. 'Well, goodbye, sweetheart.
'No, right, I sometimes wish my mother had listened.
How nice it would be in the village!
'Cause I've tortured you all, and we're spending money...
'Not at all, not at all.
Never since I've been married, so I can tell you that it would be better than it is.
'Really? 'She said, looking him in the eye.'
He said it without thinking, just to comfort her.
But when he looked at her and saw that these true, lovely eyes were questionably pointed at him, he repeated the same thing from the bottom of his heart.
"I totally forget her," he thought. And he remembered what he expected so soon.
'And soon?
How do you feel? 'He whispered, taking her by both hands.'
'I've thought so many times that I don't think about anything anymore and I don't know.'
'Aren't you scared?
She laughed in contempt.
'Not a bit,' she said.
'So if there's anything, I'll be at Katavasov's.
'No, nothing will happen, and don't think.
I'm gonna go out with my dad for a boulevard.
We'll stop by Dolly's.
I'll be waiting for you before lunch.
Ah, yes!
Do you know that Dolly's position is becoming decisively impossible?
She owes everything, she doesn't have any money.
I talked to my mom and Arsenia yesterday (so she called Lvova's sister's husband) and decided to let you go with him to Steve.
That's not possible.
Dad can't talk about it...
But if you and him...
'Well, what can we do?' 'Said Levin.'
'You'll still be at Arsenia's, talk to him; he'll tell you what we've decided.
'Well, I agree with Arsenia.
So I'll stop by his place.
By the way, if I'm gonna go to the concert, I'm gonna go with Natalie.
Well, goodbye.
On the porch, an old, still single, servant of Kuzm, who started the city, stopped Levin.
'The handsome one (it was a horse, the left breath, from the village) was crucified and the whole thing limped,' he said. 'What do you order?'
For the first time in Moscow Levin was occupied by horses brought from the village.
He wanted this part to be as good and cheaper as possible, but it turned out that his horses were more expensive than the groves, and the cart was still taken.
'Cause you're gonna have to send for the horse, wenki, maybe.
'Well, what about Katherina Alexandrovna?' 'Ask Kuzma.
Levin was no longer surprised, as at the first time in his life in Moscow, that to move from the Ridge to the Sivts of the Enemy, it was necessary to put a couple of strong horses into a heavy carriage, to drive this carriage through a snow mess of a quarter of the wool and to stand there for four hours, paying for five rubles.
Now it seemed natural to him.
'Tell the driver to bring the couple into our carriage,' he said.
'I'm listening.'
And so easy and easy to solve, thanks to urban conditions, the difficulty that would require so much personal labor and attention in the village, Levin went out to the porch and, by clicking the cart, sat down and went to Nikitsky.
Darling, he no longer thought about money, but thought about how he would get to know Peterburg's sociology scientist and talk to him about his book.
Only at the very first time in Moscow did the strange villager, the fruitless but inevitable expenses that had been required of him from all sides, struck Levin.
But now he's used to them.
What happened to him in this respect is what they say happens to drunks: the first drink is colo'm, the second sokolo', and then the third one is small birds.
When Levin changed the first piece of paper for the purchase of a lion's footman and a doorman, he hesitated to realize that these were not the right lions, but inevitably needed, judging by the surprise of the Princess and Kitty when they hinted that it was possible to do without a liquor -- that they would cost two summer workers, about 300 working days from the saint to the flood, and every day of hard work from early morning to late evening -- and that the hawk paper was still colo.
But the next one, swapped to buy food for a family meal worth 28 rubles, even though it caused a memory in Levin that 28 rubles were nine quarters of oats, which, sweating and shrubbing, knitting, hammering, swinging, planting and piling, went easier.
Now the changeable papers have long not given rise to such considerations and have been flying with little birds.
Whether the work invested in the purchase of money is in line with the pleasure that is being paid for by them is a long-standing consideration that has been lost.
The economic calculation that there was a known price below which the known bread could not be sold was also forgotten.
The skin he's been at for so long was sold 50 cents a quarter cheaper than it was given a month ago.
Even the calculation that such spending would not be possible to live the entire year without debt -- and that calculation was no longer relevant.
Only one thing was needed: to have money in a bank without asking where it came from, so that you could always know what to buy beef for tomorrow.
And so far, he's had the money in the bank.
But now the money at the bank came out, and he didn't know exactly where to get it.
And for a minute, when Kitty reminded him of the money, he was upset, but he didn't have time to think about it.
He was on his way to think about Katavasov and the upcoming encounter with Metrov.
Levin returned to this trip close to a former university friend, Professor Katavasov, whom he had not seen since his marriage.
Katavasov was fond of the clarity and simplicity of his worldview.
Levin thought that the clarity of Katavasov &apos; s world view was derived from the poverty of his nature, but Katavasov thought that Levin &apos; s inconsistency of thought resulted from a lack of discipline in his mind; but Katavasov &apos; s clarity was pleasant to Levin, and Levin &apos; s abundance of undisciplined thoughts was pleasant to Katavasova, and they loved to meet and argue.
Levin read some parts of his essay to Katavasov, and he liked them.
Yesterday, when he met Levin at a public lecture, Katavasov told him that the famous Metrov, whom Levin liked so much, was in Moscow and was very interested in what Katavasov had told him about Levin's work, and that Metrov would have him tomorrow at 11 p.m. and was very pleased to meet him.
'Resolutely correct, Father, it is good to see you,' said Katavasov, meeting Levin in a small living room. 'I hear the bell and I think there can be no time...'
So, what are the Montenegrins like?
By the breed of a warrior.
'Why? 'I asked Levin.'
Katavasov gave him the latest news in short words, and when he entered the office, introduced Levin with a small, dense, very pleasant appearance.
It was Metrov.
The discussion focused briefly on politics and the way in which recent events were viewed in higher areas in Petersburg.
Metrov gave him the words known from the right source, as if they had been spoken on this occasion by the king and one of the ministers.
Katavasov also heard for what the king said was very different.
Levin tried to come up with a situation in which both words could have been spoken, and the conversation on the subject stopped.
'Yes, he has written almost a book about the natural conditions of the worker in relation to the land,' said Katavasov. 'I'm not a specialist, but I liked it, as a natural, that he does not take mankind as something beyond zoological laws, but rather sees it as dependent on the environment and, in that regard, seeks the laws of development.
'This is very interesting,' said Metrov.
'I have actually started writing an agricultural book, but not willingly, taking up the main agricultural tool, the workers,' said Levin, red, 'has come to the results completely unexpected.
And Levin was careful, as if to feel the soil, to express his view. He knew that Metrov had written an article against the generally accepted political and economic teachings, but to what extent he could hope for sympathy in him for his new views, he did not know and could not guess on the smart and calm face of the scientist.
'But how do you see the special properties of a Russian worker?' 'Metrov said.' 'In the zoological, so to speak, its properties, or under the conditions in which it is located?'
Levin saw that this question had already been raised, with whom he disagreed; but he continued to express his idea that the Russian worker had a completely different view of the land from other peoples.
And in order to prove this, he hastened to add that, in his view, this view of the Russian people stems from their awareness of their calling to settle vast, unoccupied spaces in the east.
'It is easy to be misled by making a conclusion about the common calling of the people,' said Metrov, interrupting Levin. -- The condition of the worker will always depend on his attitude towards land and capital.
And by not letting Levin tell his mind, Metrov began to tell him the speciality of his teaching.
Levin did not understand what his teachings were, because he did not bother to understand: he saw that Metrov, like others, despite his article in which he rejected the doctrine of economists, did not look at the position of a Russian worker only in terms of capital, wages, and rent.
Although he had to admit that in the eastern, largest part of Russia there was still zero rent, that wages were expressed for the nine-tenths of the 80 million Russian population only by feeding themselves, and that capital did not yet exist except in the form of the most primal tools -- but he only considered all workers from this point of view, although he did not agree much with economists and had his new wage theory, which he had presented to Levin.
Levin listened reluctantly and initially objected.
He wanted to interrupt Metrov in order to say his point, which, in his view, should have made further statements unnecessary.
But then, having made sure that they looked at the case in such a different way that they would never understand each other, he did not contradict and only listened.
Even though he was no longer interested in what metrov said, he felt a bit of pleasure listening to him.
His self - love was flattered by the fact that such a scientist so willingly, with such attention and trust in Levin's knowledge of the subject, sometimes with a hint of a whole side of the matter, expressed his thoughts to him.
He attributed it to his dignity, not knowing that Metrov, having spoken to all his loved ones, was particularly willing to talk about the subject with every new person, and he was willing to talk to everyone about the subject he was involved in, which was not yet clear to him.
'We will, however, be late,' said Katavasov, looking at the clock as soon as Metrov finished his statement.
'Yes, today there is a meeting in the Society of Lovers to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Swintice,' said Katavasov to Levin's question. 'We were meeting with Peter Ivanovic.
I promised to read about his work in zoology.
Come with us, it's very interesting.
'Yes, indeed it is time,' said Metrov. 'Come with us, and from there, if you will, to me.'
I would very much like to hear your work.
'No, well, it's not over yet.
But I'm very happy to be here in the meeting.
'Well, Father, have you heard?'
He gave a separate opinion,' said Katavasov, in the other room who was wearing a frack.
And then we started talking about the university issue. The university question was a very important event in this winter in Moscow.
Three old professors on the board did not accept the views of the young; the young gave separate opinions.
According to some, it was a terrible view, according to others, that was the simplest and fairest opinion, and the professors divided into two parties.
Some who belonged to Katavasov saw a sneaky report and deception on the other side; others saw a boyhood and a lack of respect for authority.
Levin, though not a university, had heard and spoken about the case several times in Moscow and had his opinion; he took part in a conversation that continued on the street until all three had reached the old university building.
The meeting has already begun.
There were six people sitting at the table covered with a bitch behind which Katavasov and Metrov sat, and one of them, leaning close to the manuscript, read something.
Levin sat on one of the empty chairs standing around the table, and whispered to the student sitting here, what was being read.
The student, having pissed off Levin, said:
'The biography.'
Although Levin wasn't interested in the biography of the scientist, he willingly listened and learned something interesting and new about the life of the famous scientist.
When the reader finished, the chairman thanked him and read the poems sent to him by the poet Ment for this anniversary and a few words to thank the poet.
Then Katavasov read with his loud, screaming voice his note on the scientific work of the jubilar.
When Katavasov finished, Levin looked at the clock, saw that it was the second hour, and thought he wouldn't be able to read his essay to Metrov before the concert, and now he didn't want to.
During his reading, he also thought about his former conversation.
It was now clear to him that, although Metrov's thoughts may be relevant, his thoughts also matter; these thoughts can be understood and lead to something only when everyone is working separately on the chosen path, and nothing can come out of the message of those thoughts.
And when Levin decided not to invite Metrov, he approached him at the end of the meeting.
Metrov introduced Levin to the chairman with whom he spoke about political news.
At the same time, Metrov told the chairman what he had told Levin, and Levin made the same remarks that he had already made this morning, but, for a variety of reasons, he also expressed his new opinion, which immediately came to his mind.
Then we started talking about the university issue again.
Since Levin had heard all of this, he hastened to tell Metrov that he regretted not being able to take advantage of his invitation, bowed and went to Lviv.
Lvov, married to Natalie, Kitty's sister, spent his entire life in capitals and abroad, where he was raised and served as a diplomat.
Last year he left the diplomatic service, not in trouble (he never had any trouble with anyone), and went to the palace office in Moscow to give the best possible upbringing to his two boys.
Despite the harshest contrast in habits and views and the fact that Lvov was older than Levin, they came together in this winter and fell in love with each other.
Lvov was at home, and Levin entered without a report.
Lions in a belted home surf, sat on a chair and in pince-nez with blue glass reading a book standing on a puppet, carefully on the flight, holding a beautiful hand up to half of the ingest cigar.
The beautiful, thin, and young face of his, to whom the curly shiny silver hair gave an even more breeded expression, glowed with a smile when he saw Levin.
'Great!
And I wanted to send you.
What's up, Kitty?
Sit down here, calm down...' He stood up and moved the rocker. 'Have you read the last circular in Journal de St.-Petersboard?'
I find it beautiful,' he said with a few French accents.
Levin spoke from Katavasov about what was said in Petersburg, and after talking about politics, he spoke about his acquaintance with Metrov and his trip to the meeting.
Lvova was very interested.
'I envy you that you have access to this interesting scientific world,' he said. When he spoke as usual, he immediately became more comfortable in French. 'It's true I don't have time.
My service and my children's activities deprive me of that; and then I'm not ashamed to say that my education is too little.
'I don't think so,' said Levin with a smile and, as always, condescending at his low self-esteem, not out of desire to appear, or even to be modest, but completely sincere.
'Oh, my God!
I feel like I'm little educated now.
I even need a lot of freshening and learning to raise my children.
Because it's not enough that you have a teacher, you need an observer, just like your farm needs workers and a lookout.
Here I am reading,' he showed Bouslawev's grammar, lying on the puppet,' demanded of Misha, and it's so hard...
Well, explain it to me.
Here he says...
Levin wanted to explain to him that this could not be understood but should be taught; but Lvov did not agree with him.
'Yes, you are laughing at it!
'On the contrary, you can't imagine how, looking at you, I always learn what I have to learn -- it's the upbringing of children.
'Well, there is nothing to learn,' said Lvov.
'I only know,' said Levin, 'that I have not seen better educated children than yours, nor wish for children better than yours.'
Lvov seemed to want to hold back from expressing his joy, but he did so with a smile.
'If only they were better than me.'
That's all I want.
You don't know all the hard work,' he started with the boys who, like mine, were launched by this life abroad.
'That's all you have to do.'
They're such capable kids.
It's about moral education.
That's what I learn when I look at your kids.
'You say moral education.
I can't imagine how hard this is!
You've just fought one side, the others are growing up, and there's another fight.
If we had no support in religion -- remember, we talked to you -- no father alone could be raised without this help.
The conversation that had always been of interest to Levin was interrupted by the beauty of Natalia Alexandrovna, who was already dressed for departure.
'And I didn't know you were here,' she said, apparently not only without regret, but even glad that she had interrupted this long-known and boring conversation. 'Well, what about Kitty?
I'm having lunch at your place today.
'O Arsenius,' she said to her husband, 'you will take the carriage...
And the husband and wife began to judge how they would spend the day. Since the husband had to go to meet someone in the service, and the wife had to go to a concert and a public meeting of the South-East Committee, there was a lot to decide and think about.
Levin, as his own, was to take part in these plans.
It was decided that Levin would go with Natalie to the concert and to a public meeting, and from there the carriage would be sent to the office for Arsenia, and he would pick her up and take her to Kitty; or if he didn't finish his business, he would send the carriage, and Levin would go with her.
'He is ruining me,' Lvov said to his wife,'he assures me that our children are beautiful when I know that they are so bad.
'Arsenius goes to extremes, I always say,' said the wife. 'If you look for perfection, you will never be satisfied.
And the truth is told by Dad that when we were raised, there was one extreme -- we were kept in anthress and our parents were in a underwear; now, on the contrary, parents in a closet and children in a underwear.
Parents don't have to live anymore, and everything's for the kids.
'Well, what if it's more pleasant?' 'Lvov said, smiling with his beautiful smile and touching her hand.' 'Who doesn't know you thinks you're not a mother, you're a stepmother.
'No, the extreme is not good at anything,' said Natalie calmly, putting his sliced knife on the table to a certain place.
'Well, come here, the perfect children,' he said to the handsome boys who had bowed to Levin and approached his father, apparently wanting to ask him something.
Levin wanted to talk to them, to hear what they would say to his father, but Natalie spoke to him, and immediately entered the room of a comrade of Lviv, Mahotin, in a court-martial uniform, to meet someone together, and there began an inexhaustible conversation about Herzegovina, about Princess Korzinski, about the dome, and the sudden death of Apraxina.
Levin and forgot about his assignment. He remembered when he went out to the front.
'Ah, Kitty has given me something to talk to you about Oblonsk,' he said, when Lvov stopped on the stairs to see his wife and him.
'Yes, yes, man wants us, les beau-fres, to attack him,' he said, blushing and smiling. 'And then, why me?'
'I will attack him,' said Lvova, smiling, waiting for the end of the conversation in her white dog mouth. 'Well, let's go.
There were two very interesting things in the morning concert.
One was the fantasy of King Lear in the Steppe, the other was a quartte dedicated to Bah's memory.
Both things were new and in a new spirit, and Levin wanted to think about them.
By taking his sister - in - law to her chair, he joined the convoy and decided to listen as carefully and in good faith as possible.
He tried not to entertain himself or spoil his impressions by staring at the hand of a bald-eyed capmaster, always so unpleasantly entertaining the attention of music, at the ladies in the hats, working hard for the concert with tapes tied up in their ears, and at all those people, or not busy, or busy with a wide variety of interests, but not with music.
He tried to avoid meeting musicians and talkers, but stood looking down in front of him and listening.
But the more he listened to King Lear's fantasies, the more he felt at the opportunity to form a certain opinion.
It began endlessly, as if a musical expression of emotion was gathering, but immediately it fell to the fragments of new musical expressions, and sometimes just on nothing but the whim of the composer, not tied but extremely complex sounds.
But the most important bits of these musical expressions, sometimes good ones, were unpleasant because they were completely unexpected and unprepared.
Fun and sadness and despair and tenderness and celebration were without any right, just a feeling of madness.
And, just like a madman, these feelings were unexpected.
Levin felt deaf at all times, looking at the dancers.
He was completely perplexed when the play ended, and he felt very tired of intense and unrewarded attention.
There was a loud clapping on all sides.
Everybody's up, they're in, they're talking.
In order to explain his perplexity to others, Levin went out looking for the experts, and was glad to see one of the well-known experts in a conversation with a friend of him, Sandsov.
'Awesome! 'Said the thick bass of Pessov. 'Hello, Constantin Dmitrich.
In particular, the image and sculpture, so to speak, is the place where you feel Cordelia approaching, where a woman, das ewig Weibliche, is fighting rock. Isn't that right?
'I mean, why is Cordelia here? 'Simplely asked Levin, completely forgetting that the fantasy was playing King Lear in the steppe.
'Cordelia is... 'He said the Sandsov, punching the atlas poster he had held in his hand with his fingers, and handing it over to Levin.'
Only Levin remembered the title of fantasy and hastened to read in Russian the poems of Shakespeare, printed on the back of the poster.
'There is no way to keep an eye on it,' said Pestsov, turning to Levin, because his interviewer had gone away and had no one else to talk to him.
In the intermission between Levin and Pessov, there was a dispute about the merits and shortcomings of the Wagnerian direction of music.
Levin argued that Wagner &apos; s and all his followers &apos; mistake was that music wanted to move to the realm of other people &apos; s art, that poetry was also wrong when it described the characteristics of faces, what painting should do, and, as an example of such an error, he cited a sculptor who snatched from the marble the shadow of poetic images rising around the figure of a poet on a pedestal.
"The shadows are so few in the shadow of the sculptor that they even stick to the ladder," said Levin.
He liked that phrase, but he didn't remember saying the same phrase before, and it was Sandsov who said it, and he was embarrassed.
Sands, on the other hand, proved that art was one and that it could achieve the highest of its manifestations only in the compounding of all births.
The second number of the concert, Levin, was no longer able to listen. After stopping near him, he spoke to him almost all the time, condemning the play for its excess, seclusional simplicity and comparing it to the simple preraphaelites in painting.
On his way out, Levin met many other acquaintances with whom he spoke both about politics and about music and about common acquaintances; by the way, he met Count Bol, whose visit he had completely forgotten.
'Well, go now,' said Lvova to him, to whom he gave this,'maybe you will not be accepted, and then pick me up at the meeting.
You'll find more.
'Maybe they won't accept it?' 'Said Levin, entering the shadows of the house of Countess Bol.'
'Receive, please,' said the doorman, taking off his coat with determination.
'This is a shame,' thought Levin, taking off one glove with a sigh and putting his hat around. 'Well, why am I going? Well, what am I supposed to talk to them about?"
As he passed through the first living room, Levin met Countess Pain at the door with a concerned and strict face that commanded the servant.
When she saw Levin, she smiled and asked him to go to the next little living room from which the voices were heard.
In this living room were two daughters of the Countess and a Moscow colonel familiar to Levin.
Levin came up to them, said hello, and sat under the couch, holding his hat on his knee.
'How's your wife's health?
Were you at the concert?
We couldn't.
Mom was supposed to be at the memorial.
'Yes, I have heard...'
What a sudden death,' said Levin.
The Countess came, sat on the couch and asked about the wife and the concert.
Levin answered and repeated the question about the rapidness of Apraxina's death.
'She has always been in poor health, though.
'Have you been to the opera yesterday?'
'Yes, I was.
'It was very good for Lucca.
'Yes, very good,' he said, and began, because he didn't care what they thought, to repeat what he had heard a hundred times about the character of the singer's talent.
Countess Pain pretended to listen.
Then, when he talked enough and shut up, the colonel, who had remained silent, began to speak. The colonel talked about the opera and the lighting, too.
Finally, the colonel laughed, made noise, stood up and left, referring to the alleged full juronee at Turin's place.
Levin too stood up, but he noticed in the Countess' face that it was not yet time for him to leave.
Two more minutes. He sat down.
But since he kept thinking about how stupid it was, he never found the subject of the conversation and kept quiet.
'Are you not going to a public meeting?'
They say it is very interesting,' the Countess began.
'No, I promised my belle-soeur to pick her up,' said Levin.
There's been a silence. My mother and my daughter had a second look.
"Well, I think it's time to go," thought Levin and stood up.
The ladies shook his hand and asked him to hand over a million choses to his wife.
The doorman asked him, giving him a coat: 'Where can you stand? --and immediately recorded it in a big, well-connected book.
"I think I don't care, but I'm ashamed and terribly stupid," thought Levin, consoling himself that all of them were doing it, and went to a public meeting of the committee where he had to find his sister-in-law to go home with her.
In the public meeting of the committee, there were many people and almost all of society.
Levin found yet another review, which, as everyone said, was very interesting.
When the reading of the survey ended, the community came together, and Levin also met Sviyazhsky, who called him this evening, surely to the Society of Agriculture, where the famous report would be read, and Stepana Arkadiyić, who had just come from running, and many other acquaintances, and Levin still spoke and heard different opinions about the meeting, about the new play, and about the process.
But perhaps as a result of the fatigue of the attention he began to feel about the process, he made a mistake, and that mistake was then remembered several times with annoyance.
Speaking about the imminent punishment of a foreigner who had been tried in Russia and how it would be wrong to punish him by sending him abroad, Levin repeated what he heard yesterday in a conversation from a friend. 'I think sending him abroad is like punishing a prick by letting her into the water,' said Levin.
Then he remembered that this one, as if it were a thought he had heard from a friend, was from the Wing's bass, and that a friend repeated it from the newspaper's feleton.
When Levin came home with his sister-in-law, and made Kitty happy and happy, he went to the club.
Levin came to the club at the right time.
He was accompanied by guests and dicks.
Levin hasn't been in the club for a long time since he lived in Moscow and traveled to the world when he left the university.
He remembered the club, the external details of his device, but he completely forgot the impression he had before at the club.
But when he had just entered a wide half-circle yard and tears from the cart, he had entered the porch and met the doorman in a bandage, unsoundly opened the door and bowed; he had just seen in a Swiss claw and a fur coat of members who had realized that it was less difficult to take off the claw downstairs than to carry it upstairs; he had just heard a mysterious, pre-call call and had seen, entering on a rugged stairwell, a statue on the playground and in the upper doors of a third, old, familiar doorman in a club liquor, in hasty and not slowly opened the door and looked at the guest; Levin had a long-standing impression of the club, a sense of recreation, pleasure and decency.
'Please have a hat,' said the doorman Levin, who had forgotten the club's rule to leave his hats in Swiss. 'We haven't been in a while.
The Prince recorded you yesterday.
There's no Prince Stepan Arkadyich yet.
The doorman knew not only Levin, but all his connections and kinship, and immediately referred to his loved ones.
After passing through the first walk-in hall with the curtains and to the right of the over-cooked room, where the fruitmaker sits, Levin, after driving over the slow old man, went into a loud dining room of the people.
He walked along the almost occupied tables, looking around the guests.
There, there, there, he came across a variety of things, old and young, and barely familiar and close, people.
None of them were angry and concerned.
Everyone seemed to have left their worries and concerns in Swiss with their caps, and they were determined to enjoy the material benefits of life without haste.
There was Sviyazhsky, Shcherbatsky, Nevedovsky, and the old prince, and Vronski, and Sergei Ivanovich.
'Ah! Why are you late? 'Smile,' said the prince, giving him his hand over his shoulder. 'What is Kitty? 'He added by adjusting the napkin that he had stuck behind his vest button.'
'Nothing, healthy; the three of them are having lunch at home.
'Ah, Alina Nadine.
Well, we don't have room.
Go to that table and take a place quickly,' said the prince, and turned his back, and carefully accepted a plate with an ear of nalims.
'This way, Levin! 'Screaming a little further, a good-natured voice.'
It was Turovtsin.
He was sitting with the young military, and there were two inverted chairs beside them.
Levin was happy to approach them.
He has always loved the good-natured taste of Turovtsyn, &quot; the memory of the explanation was brought together with him, &quot; but now, after all the hard talk, the good-natured view of Turovtsyn was particularly attractive to him.
'This is for you and Oblonsky.
He'll be right there.
Very directly held by the military with the funny, always laughing eyes was the Peterburger of Gagin.
Turovtsin introduced them.
'Oblonsky will always be late.
'Oh, there he is.
'Have you just arrived?' 'Oblonsky said.' I'm gonna get to them fast. 'Good.
Did you drink vodka?
Come on.
Levin stood up and went with him to a large table set up with vodka and a wide variety of snacks.
It seemed that out of two dozen appetizers, you could choose what you liked, but Stepan Arkadić demanded something special, and one of the standing liquor lacquers immediately brought what was required.
They had a drink and went back to the table.
Now, behind his ear, Gagina was served champagne, and he told me to pour four glasses.
Levin did not refuse the proposed wine and asked for another bottle.
He was hungry and ate and drank with great pleasure, and he was more pleased to participate in the fun and simple conversations of his interlocutors.
Gagin, having lowered his voice, told a new peterburg anecdote, and the anecdote, though indecent and stupid, was so ridiculous that Levin laughed so loudly that the neighbors looked at him.
'It's like, "I hate it!" You know? 'Stepan Arkadić asked.' 'Oh, it's lovely!
Bring another bottle,' he said to the footman, and began to tell.
'Peter Ilyich Vinowski has been asked,' interrupted the old footman of Stepan Arkadyić, bringing two fine glasses of champagne, and turning to Stepan Arkadič and Levin.
Stepan Arkadić took a glass and, pe-- looking at the other end of the table with a sloppy red mustache man, waved to him, smiling on his head.
'Who is this? 'I asked Levin.'
'You met him once, remember?
Good boy.
Levin did the same thing as Stepan Arkadić, and took a glass.
Stepan Arkadjić's anecdote was also very amusing.
Levin told his joke, which he also liked.
Then we talked about the horses, the runners of this day, and how much the Atlas Wronsky won the first prize.
Levin didn't notice how the lunch was.
'Ah! There they are! 'At the end of the meal, Stepap Arkadjevic had already said, turning over over the back of the chair and reaching out the hand of the high-guard colonel of Vronski, who came to him.
There was also a common merry, merry spirit in the face of Vronski.
He leaned on Stepan Arkadiyich's shoulder, whispering to him, and with the same merry smile extended his hand to Levin.
'It is very good to meet you,' he said. 'I was looking for you at the election then, but I was told that you had already left,' he said.
'Yes, I left the same day.
We were just talking about your horse.
Congratulations,' said Levin. 'This is a very fast ride.
'You have horses, too.
'No, my father had; but I remember and know.'
'Where have you been eating? 'Stepan Arkadić asked.'
'We are at the second table, behind the columns.
'He was congratulated,' said the high colonel. 'The second Imperial prize; I am as happy as he is on horseback.
'Well, what a golden time to lose.'
I'm going to the infrared,' said the colonel and left the table.
'This is Yaszvin,' answered Turovtsyn of Wronsky and sat down at the seat that was set free below them.
After he had a drink, he asked for a bottle.
Under the influence of club impressions, or drinking wine, Levin had a conversation about the best kind of livestock and was very pleased that he felt no hostility toward the man.
He even told him, by the way, that he had heard from his wife that she had met him at Princess Maria Borisovna's.
'Oh, Princess Mary Borisovna, that is adorable!' said Stepan Arkadych, and told a joke about her, which made everyone laugh.
In particular, he was so good-hearted that Levin felt completely at peace with him.
'Are we done?' 'Stepan Arkadić said, getting up and smiling.' 'Come on!
When Levin came out of the table, feeling that he was walking in a particularly proper and easy way, he went with Gagina through the tall rooms to the pool hall.
Going through the big room, he ran into a father-in-law.
'Well, what? How do you like our temple of idleness? 'The prince said, taking him in his hand.' 'Let's go for a walk.
'I wanted to go and see.
That's interesting.
'Yes, you are. But I'm more interested than you.
You're looking at these old men,' he said, pointing to a cock with a wobbly lip, who, moving his legs slightly in soft boots, approached them, 'and you think that's how they were born to sluts.
'As sluices?'
'You don't know that name.
It's our club term.
You know how balls roll, so when they ride a lot, they're gonna make a slut.
So is our brother: you drive, you go to the club, and you become a whore.
Yeah, well, you're laughing, and our brother's watching when he gets his own dinghy.
Do you know Prince Chechnya? 'The prince asked, and Levin saw in the face that he was going to say something funny.'
'No, I don't.
'Oh, my God!
Well, Prince Chechnya, famous.
He always plays pool.
He wasn't wearing boats three years ago and he was brave. And he called the others whores.
Only he comes once, and the doorman is our... you know, Vasily?
Well, this one's fat.
He's a big bonmotist.
So the Prince of Chechnya asks him, "Well, Vasily, who's here?
Do you have any boats?"
And he says, "You're the third."
Yeah, brother, that's it!
While talking and saying hello to acquaintances, Levin went through all the rooms with the Prince: the big one, where the tables were already standing and playing a small game of familiar partners; the sofa, where they played chess and sat with Sergei Ivanovich, talking to someone; the billiard one, where there was a fun party of champagne at the bend of the couch, in which Gagin was involved; and the infernal one at the table, which had already been sat down by Yašvin, was crowded by many people.
In an effort not to make any noise, they also entered the dark reading room, where a young man with an angry face was sitting under the lamps, grabbing one magazine after another, and a bloated general in depth in reading.
They also entered the room that the prince called smart.
In this room, the three gentlemen spoke a lot about the latest political news.
'The Prince is ready, perhaps,' said one of his partners, finding him here, and the Prince left.
Levin sat, listened; but when he remembered all the conversations this morning, he suddenly became terribly bored.
He got up in a hurry and went looking for Oblonsky and Turovtsin, with whom he had fun.
Turovtsyn sat with a cup of drinking on the high couch in the pool room, and Stepan Arkadych and Vronski talked about something at the door in the back corner of the room.
'It is not that she misses, but this uncertainty, the indecision of the situation,' Levin heard, and wanted to move back quickly; but Stepan Arkadić called him.
'O Levin! 'Stepan Arkadić said, and Levin noticed that his eyes were not tears, but humidity.' Like he's always had, or when he's had a drink, or when he's upset.
It was both these days. 'O Levin, do not go away,' he said, and pressed his hand firmly by the elbow, obviously not wanting to let him out.
'This is my sincere, almost best friend,' he said. 'You are even closer to me and even more dear to me.' And I want and know that you should be friends and close because you're both good people.
'Well, all we have to do is kiss,' said the good-natured one, and he said, giving up his hand. He quickly took an extended hand and shook it tight.
'I am very, very happy,' said Levin, shaking his hand.
'Man, a bottle of champagne,' said Stepan Arkadić.
'And I am very pleased,' he said.
But despite Stepan Arkadyić's desire and their mutual desire, they had nothing to say, and both felt it.
'Do you know he doesn't know Anna?' 'Stepan Arkadych of Wronsky said.' 'And I certainly want to take him to her.
Let's go, Levin!
'Really? 'Vronsky said.' 'She will be very pleased.
I'd like to go home now,' he added,' but I'm worried about Yashwin, and I want to stay here while he's done.
'What's wrong with that?
'All loses, and there's only one I can hold on to.
'Well, the pyramid?'
Levin, will you play?
Well, that's great,' said Stepan Arkadić. 'Stamp the pyramid,' he turned to the marker.
'A long time ago,' answered the marker, which was already tiring into a triangle of balls and for entertainment, rolling red.
'Come on, let's go.
After the party, Vronsky and Levin sat on Gagin's table, and Levin began to hold on to his aces at Stepan Arkadić's suggestion.
He sat by the table, surrounded by people he knew, and went to the Infernal to inspect Yashwin.
Levin experienced a pleasant rest from mental fatigue in the morning.
He was glad to see the end of his hostility with Vronski, and the impression of calm, decency, and pleasure did not leave him.
When the party was over, Stepan Arkadić took Levin's hand.
'Well, let's go to Anna's.
Now?
Huh? She's home.
I promised her I'd bring you back a long time ago.
Where were you going tonight?
'Nowhere in particular.
I promised Sviyazhsky to the Society of Agriculture. I think we should go,' said Levin.
'Great; let's go!
See if my carriage has arrived,' said Stepan Arkadić to the footman.
Levin came up to the table, paid the 40 rubles he had lost to the aces, paid some mysteriously famous old footman standing at the ceiling, the club expenses and, especially, waving his hands, went all the halls to the exit.
'Oblon carriage! 'The doorman screamed with an angry bass.'
The carriage came up and both sat down.
Only for the first time, while the carriage was leaving the club's gate, Levin continued to experience the impression of the club's rest, pleasure and unmistakable decency of the surrounding area; but as soon as the carriage went out into the street and he felt a swing of the crew on the uneven road, hearing the angry cry of the passenger on the side, saw the red sign of the cab and the shops in the dark, the impression was broken, and he began to reflect on his actions and asked himself if he was doing well that he was going to Anna's.
What's Kitty gonna say?
But Stepan Arkadić wouldn't let him think and, as if guessing his doubts, he would scatter them.
'How glad I am,' he said, 'that you will recognize her.
You know, Dolly's been wanting this for a long time. And Lvov was at her place.
Although she is my sister,' Stepan Arkadić continued,' I can safely say that she is a wonderful woman.
You'll see.
Her situation is very difficult, especially now.
'Why, in particular, now?
'We are negotiating a divorce with her husband.
And he agrees; but there are difficulties with his son, and this case, which should have been over a long time ago, is about to last three months.
As soon as there's a divorce, she'll marry Vronski.
How silly it is, this old practice of spinning, "Isaia Lykui" that no one believes in and that hinders people's happiness!-- put Stepan Arkadych in. 'Well, then their position will certainly be as mine as yours.'
'What's the problem? 'Said Levin.'
'Oh, it's a long and boring story!
It's all so uncertain.
But the thing is -- she, waiting for this divorce here in Moscow, where everyone knows him and her, lives for three months; she doesn't go anywhere, she doesn't see any of the women except Dolly, because, you know, she doesn't want to be visited out of kindness; this silly Princess Varvar -- and she left because she thought it was indecent.
Now, in this situation, another woman could not find the resources in her body.
She's, you're gonna see how she made her life, how calm she is, how worthy she is.
To the left, to the alley, against the church! 'Screaming from Stepan Arkadych, jumping out the window of the carriage.' 'Ooh, it's hot! 'He said, despite twelve degrees of frost, opening even more of his so-called coat.'
'She has a daughter; isn't she busy with her? 'Said Levin.'
'You seem to think of every woman only as a female, une coveuse,' said Stepan Arkadić. 'I'm busy, I'm sure I'm busy with children.
No, she's a great raiser, I think, but I don't know about her.
She's busy with, first of all, what she's writing.
I can see you're an ironic smile, but for nothing.
She writes a children's book and doesn't tell anyone about it, but she read it to me, and I gave a manuscript to Vorkuev... you know, this publisher... and he himself is a writer, I think.
He knows what's good, and he says it's a wonderful thing.
But you think it's a woman author?
She's first of all a woman with a heart, you'll see.
Now she's got an English girl and a whole family she's busy with.
'Well, is that a philanthropy?'
'Well, now you want to see the bad.'
It's not philanthropy, it's hearty.
They had an English coach, a master of their own, but a drunk.
He's drunk, delirum tremens, and the family's abandoned.
She saw them, helped them, got involved, and now the whole family is on her hands; not like that, low, with money, and she's making the boys Russian for gymnasium, and she's taking the girl to her place.
You'll see her.
The carriage moved into the yard, and Stepan Arkadić called loudly at the entrance where the sleigh was standing.
And without asking the door-opener if he was home, Stepan Arkadych entered the hay.
Levin followed him, increasingly questioning whether he was doing good or bad.
When Levin looked in the mirror, he noticed that he was red; but he was convinced that he was not drunk, and went up the carpet up behind Stepan Arkadych.
Upstairs, a man worshiping as a close man, the footman Stepan Arkadych asked who was with Anna Arkadyev, and received the answer that Mr. Warkuev was.
'Where are they?
'In the office.
After passing through a small dining room with dark wooden walls, Stepan Arkadić with Levin on the soft carpet entered a semi-dark office lit alone with a large dark lamp.
Another refractor lamp burned on the wall and lit a large picture of a woman, to which Levin had inadvertently drawn attention.
It was a portrait of Anna made in Italy by Michaelov.
While Stepan Arkadić was walking behind the trellising, and the man's voice was silent, Levin looked at the portrait, in the shiny light of the speaker from the frame, and couldn't get away from it.
He even forgot where he was, and without listening to what was said, he kept an eye on an amazing portrait.
It wasn't a painting, it was a living, beautiful woman with black curly hair, bare shoulders and hands, and a thoughtful half-smile on soft cannon - covered lips, winning and tenderly staring at him with his embarrassing eyes.
Only because she wasn't alive that she was prettier than she could be alive.
'I am very glad,' he suddenly heard a voice, apparently addressed to him, by himself, the voice of the very woman he was admiring in the portrait.
Anna came out to meet him because of the rubbish, and Levin saw in the mid-light of the office the same woman portrait in a dark, multicolored blue dress, not in the same position, not with the same expression, but at the same height of beauty at which she was caught by the artist in the portrait.
She was less brilliant in fact, but there was something in the living that was so attractive that she wasn't on the portrait.
She stood up to him without hiding her joy in seeing him.
And in the calm with which she handed him a small and energyful hand and introduced him to Vorkuev, and pointed to the red-haired, pretty girl who immediately sat behind the job, calling her her child, were familiar and pleasant to Levin the techniques of a woman of great light, always calm and natural.
'It is very, very happy,' she repeated, and in her mouth for Levin these simple words somehow received special meaning. 'I have known you and loved you for a long time, and by friendship with Steve and your wife... I have known her very little time, but she has left me the impression of a lovely flower, exactly a flower.'
And she'll be a mother soon enough!
She spoke freely and without haste, sometimes turning her eyes from Levin to her brother, and Levin felt that the impression he had made was good, and he immediately found it easy, simple and pleasant, as if he had known her since childhood.
'I and Ivan Petrovich are in Alexei's office,' she said, responding to Stepan Arkadyich's question as to whether it was possible to smoke -- just to smoke -- and looking at Levin instead of asking: Is he smoking? She moved a turtle briefcase and took out a groin.
'How are your health these days?' 'Ask her brother.'
'Nothing.'
Nerves, as always.
'Isn't it wonderfully good? 'Stepan Arkadić said, noting that Levin was looking at the portrait.'
'I've never seen a better portrait.
'It looks extraordinary, doesn't it? 'Said Vorkuyev.'
Levin looked from the portrait to the original.
The special glitter covered Anna's face while she felt his eyes.
Levin blushed and, in order to hide her confusion, wanted to ask if she had seen Daria Alexandrovna a long time ago; but at the same time, Anna said,
'We were just talking to Ivan Petrovich about the latest paintings of Vashchenko.
Have you seen them?
'Yes, I saw,' answered Levin.
'But my fault, I interrupted you, you mean...'
Levin asked if she had seen Dolly a long time ago.
'I had her yesterday, and she was very angry for Grisha at the gymnasium.
The Latin teacher seemed unjust to him.
'Yes, I have seen the paintings. I didn't like them very much,' returned Levin to her conversation.
Levin was no longer talking about the craftsmanship with which he spoke this morning.
Any word in the conversation with her was of particular importance.
And it was nice to talk to her, and it was even nicer to listen to her.
Anna spoke not only naturally, wisely, but wisely, and carelessly, not giving any price to her thoughts, but giving a high price to her thoughts.
The conversation came about a new direction of art, a new illustration of the Bible by a French artist.
Vorkuyev accused the artist of being realistic and rude.
Levin said that the French were more qualified in art than anyone and that therefore they saw special merit in returning to realism.
Because they don't lie anymore, they see poetry.
Never before has any intelligent thing Levin said given him as much pleasure as this.
Anna's face suddenly brightened when she suddenly appreciated the thought.
She laughed.
'I am laughing,' she said, 'how you laugh when you see a very similar portrait.
What you said is completely characteristic of French art now, and painting and even literature: Zola, Doudet.
But maybe it always happens that they build their conceptions out of made-up, conditional figures, and then -- all combinaisons are made up, made-up figures get bored, and they start to come up with more natural, just figures.
'This is absolutely right! - said the Warkuev.
'So you were at the club?' 'She turned to her brother.'
"Yeah, yeah, there's a woman!" 'I thought Levin, forgetting and looking hard at her beautiful, moving face, which has now suddenly changed completely.'
Levin did not hear what she said when she bent over to her brother, but he was struck by the change in her expression.
Before so beautiful in her calm, her face suddenly expressed strange curiosity, anger, and pride.
But it only lasted one minute.
She was so sad to think of something.
'Well, yes, no one is interested,' she said, and turned to an Englishwoman: 'Pleasé orderer the tea in the drowning-rome.
The girl went up and out.
'Well, did she pass the exam?' 'Stepan Arkadić asked.'
'Great.
A very capable girl and a sweet temper.
'The end is that you will love her more than you love your own.'
'Here's a man speaking.
There's no more and less love.
I love my daughter with one love, her with another.
'I am saying to Anna Arkadievna,' said Vorkuev, 'that if she had put one hundred of that energy on the common business of bringing up Russian children, which she puts on this English woman, Anna Arkadievna would have done a great, useful job.
'That's what you want, I couldn't.
Count Alexey Kirillich encouraged me very much (saying the words of Count Alexei Kirillych, she took an impulsive look at Levin, and he answered her with a respectful and positive look) -- encouraged me to go to school in the village.
I went a few times.
They're very nice, but I couldn't get attached to this case.
You say -- energy.
Energy is based on love. And there's nowhere to take love, you can't order it.
I love this girl, I don't know why.
And she looked at Levin again.
And the smile and the look of her -- everything told him that she only spoke to him, loved his opinion, yet knew that they understood each other.
'I fully understand that,' answered Levin. 'You can't put your heart on a school or anything like that, and from that I think it's these philanthropy institutions that are always doing so little.
She kept quiet, then she smiled. 'Yes, yes,' she confirmed. 'I never could.
Je n'ai pas le coeur assez large to love an entire shelter with nasty girls.
Cela ne m'a jamais reussi.
There are so many women who make a position sociale.
And now all the more so,' she said with a sad, trusting expression, looking at her brother, but apparently only Levin. 'And now that I need something to do, I can't. 'And suddenly frowned (Levin realized that she had frowned at herself for saying something about herself), she changed the conversation. 'I know about you,' she said to Levin, 'that you are a bad citizen, and I have protected you as well as I could.
'How did you defend me?
&lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt;It depends on the attacks. &gt;&gt; &lt;i&gt;
Would you like some tea, though? 'She went up and took into her hand a bound safyan book.
'Give me Anna Arkadievna,' said Warkuev, pointing to the book. 'It is very worth it.
'Oh, no, it's so unbridled.
'I told him,' turned Stepan Arkadić to his sister, pointing to Levin.
'I didn't do it in vain.
My writing is like those baskets of carvings I've been sold to, like, Lisa Merzalova.
She was a wimp in this society,' she turned to Levin. 'And these poor ones have done wonders of patience.'
And Levin saw a new line in this wonderful woman whom he loved.
Apart from the mind, the grace, the beauty, there was truth in it.
She didn't want to hide the gravity of her situation from him.
When she said that, she sighed, and her face suddenly took a strong expression, as if it were fossilized.
With this expression on her face, she was even more beautiful than before; but this expression was new; it was beyond the radiant happiness and happiness circle of expressions captured by the artist in the portrait.
Levin looked again at the portrait and her figure, as she took her brother's hand with him into high doors, and felt tenderness and pity for her, which surprised him himself.
She asked Levin and Vorkuev to go into the living room and stayed to talk to her brother about something.
"On the divorce, on Vronski, on what he's doing at the club, on me?" 'I thought Levin.'
And he was so worried about what she was talking to Stepan Arkadjić, that he hardly listened to what he had told him about the merits of Anna Arkadium's children's novel.
After tea, the same pleasant, full conversation continued.
Not only did you not have a minute to find the subject to talk, but on the contrary, you felt that you were not able to say what you wanted and were willing to hold back by listening to what someone else said.
And all they said was not just her, but Vorkuyev, Stepan Arkadić -- everything seemed to Levin to have been given special meaning by her attention and remarks.
As he followed an interesting conversation, Levin constantly admired it -- its beauty, its intelligence, its education, and together with simplicity and spirit.
He listened, talked, and kept thinking about her, about her inner life, trying to guess her feelings.
And he, who had previously condemned her so severely, now, by some strange course of thought, justified her and felt sorry for her together and feared that he did not fully understand her.
At the eleventh hour, when Stepan Arkadić went up to leave (Vorkuev had already left), Levin felt that he had just arrived.
Levin got up with regret, too.
'Good-bye,' she said, holding his hand and looking into his eyes with an attractive look. 'I am very pleased, que la glace est rumpe.
She let out his hand and snorkeled.
'Tell your wife that I love her as I did before, and that if she can't forgive me, I wish she would never forgive me.'
To forgive, you have to survive what I've been through, and God save her from it.
'Surely, yes, I will tell...' said Levin, blushing.
"What an amazing, sweet and pathetic woman," he thought, walking out with Stepan Arkadych to the cold air.
I told you,' said Stepan Arkadić to him, seeing that Levin had been completely defeated.
'Yes,' answered Levin thoughtfully, 'an extraordinary woman!'
Not that I'm smart, but the heart is amazing.
It's awful sorry for her!
'Now, God willing, everything will be settled soon.
Well, don't judge ahead,' said Stepan Arkadić, opening the doors of the carriage. 'Goodbye, we are not on the way.
As he kept thinking about Anna, all the simple conversations he had with her, while remembering all the details of her face, becoming more and more in her position and feeling sorry for her, Levin came home.
Kuzma's house told Levin that Katerina Alexandrovna was healthy, that her sisters had recently left them, and he submitted two letters.
Levin immediately, in the front, so that he may not have fun, he read them.
One was from Sokolov, the commander. Sokolov wrote that wheat could not be sold, that only five and a half rubles were given, and that money could not be taken any more.
Another letter was from my sister. She blamed him for the fact that her work had not yet been done.
"Well, we'll sell for five with a half-tone, if they don't give us any more," immediately Levin decided with extraordinary ease the first question that had previously seemed so difficult to him.
"It's amazing how busy this place is all the time," he thought of a second letter.
He felt guilty in front of his sister for still not doing what she asked him to do.
"I didn't go to court again now, but I'm sure there wasn't time now."
And when he decided that he would do that tomorrow, he went to see his wife.
When Levin came to her with a memory, he quickly ran through the entire day.
All the events of the day were conversations: conversations he listened to and participated in.
All the talk was about things he wouldn't have done if he had been alone and in the village, and they were very interesting here.
And all the conversations were good; only two places weren't very good.
One thing he said about the prick, the other -- that there was something wrong with the tender pity he felt for Anna.
Levin found his wife sad and bored.
The three sisters' lunch would have been very fun, but then they waited for him, they waited, they got bored, the sisters separated, and she was alone.
'Well, what did you do?' 'She asked, looking him in the eye, something particularly suspiciously glittering.'
But in order not to stop him from telling the story, she hid her attention and listened with a smile of approval to his account of how he spent the evening.
'Well, I was very pleased to have met Vronsky.'
It's very easy for me to be with him.
You see, now I will try never to see him, but this awkwardness is over,' he said, and, remembering that he was trying never to see Anna, immediately went to see Anna, he blushed. 'Look! We say that the people drink; I don't know who drinks the most, the people or our class; the people are at the feast, but...
But Kitty wasn't interested in talking about people drinking. She saw him blushing and wanted to know why.
'Well, then where have you been?
'Steve awfully begged me to go to Anna Arkadievna.
And when Levin said this, he blushed even more; and his doubts as to whether or not he had done well, or had done wrong, when he went to Anna, were finally resolved.
He knew now that he shouldn't have done that.
Kitty's eyes were especially opened and shiny at Anna's name, but she made an effort to cover up her excitement and deceive him.
'Ah!' she just said.
'You won't be angry that I'm going.
Steve asked, and Dolly wanted to," Levin continued.
'No,' she said, but in her eyes he saw an effort on himself that promised him nothing good.
'She is a very sweet, very, very pathetic, good woman,' he said, talking about Anna, her classes, and what she told me to say.
'Yes, of course she is very pathetic,' said Kitty, when he finished. 'Who did you get the letter from?'
He told her, and after believing her calm tone, he went to undress.
When he returned, he found Kitty in the same chair.
When he approached her, she looked at him and cried.
'What? What? 'He asked, knowing for sure that.'
'You fell in love with this filthy woman, she adored you.
I saw it in your eyes...
Yes, yes!
What could possibly come out of this?
You drank, drank, played, and then went... to who?
No, we're leaving...
I'm leaving tomorrow.
Levin was unable to calm his wife for a long time.
Finally, he calmed her down, only by confessing that the feeling of pity in the wine connection had knocked him down and he had succumbed to Anna's clever influence and that he would avoid it.
One thing he sincerely acknowledged was that, living so long in Moscow, after talking, eating and drinking, he was stunning.
They talked till 3:00 in the morning. It was only at three o'clock that they were so reconciled that they could fall asleep.
While she was not seated, Anna walked back and forth around the room.
Although she was unconscious (how she had been acting this lately towards all the young men), she did everything in her power to create a feeling of love for herself in Levin, and although she knew that she had achieved it, as far as possible with regard to a married honest man and one evening, and although she enjoyed it very much (despite the sharp difference, from the point of view of the men, between Wronsky and Levin, she, as a woman, saw the same thing in them as Kitty had loved both Wronski and Levin), as soon as he left the room, she stopped thinking about him.
One thought was unconnected in different kinds of ways, stalking her.
"If I do this to others, to this family, loving man, why is he so cold in me? And not that it's cold, he loves me, I know that. But something new now divides us.
Why isn't he here all night?
He told me to tell Steve he couldn't leave Yashvin and he had to watch his game. Who's Yashwin's child?
But let's just say it's true.
He never tells a lie. But there's another thing about that truth.
He's happy to show me that he has other responsibilities.
I know that, I agree with that.
But why prove it to me?
He wants to prove to me that his love for me shouldn't interfere with his freedom.
But I don't need proof, I need love.
He would have to understand the gravity of my life here in Moscow.
Do I live?
I'm not living, I'm waiting for a breakup that pulls and pulls away.
There's no answer again!
And Steve says he can't go to Alexei Alexandrovich.
I can't write yet.
I can't do anything, I can't start anything, I can't change anything, I'm holding myself back, I'm waiting, imagining fun -- the English family, the writing, the reading, but it's all just a trick, it's all the same morphine.
She would have felt sorry for me,' she said, feeling the tears of self-pity in her eyes.
She heard the frantic phone call and quickly wiped out these tears, and not only wiped her tears, but sat down to the lamp and turned the book, pretending to be calm.
I should have shown him that she wasn't happy that he hadn't come back, as promised, but that he wasn't happy to show him his grief and, above all, his self-pity.
She could have felt sorry for herself, but not for her.
She didn't want to fight, she blamed him for wanting to fight, but she was involuntarily in a position of struggle.
'Well, have you not missed me? 'He said, taking a busy and fun approach to her.' 'What a terrible passion is a game!
'No, I didn't miss you, and I learned not to miss you a long time ago.
Steve was Levin.
'Yes, they wanted to come to you.
Well, how did you like Levin? 'He said, sitting beside her.'
'Very.
They just left.
What did Yashwin do?
'It was a win, 17 grand.
I called him. He was on his way.
But he came back again and now he's lost.
'So what did you stay for?' 'She asked, suddenly looking at him.'
Her face was cold and uncooperative. 'You told Steve you'd stay to take Yashwin away. And you left him.
The same expression of cold readiness to fight was expressed on his face.
'First of all, I didn't ask him to give you anything, and secondly, I never tell a lie. Most importantly, I wanted to stay and stay,' he said, frowning. 'Anna, why, why? 'He said after a minute of silence, turning over to her, and opened his hand, hoping that she would put hers in her.'
She was pleased with the call to tenderness.
But some strange force of evil prevented her from giving in to her passion, as if the conditions of the struggle prevented her from surrendering.
'Of course you wanted to stay and stay.
You do whatever you want.
But why are you telling me this?
For what? 'She said with increasing heat.' 'Who contests your rights?'
But you want to be right, and be right.
His hand closed, he declined, and his face was taken even more than before by a stubborn expression.
'It is a matter of stubbornness for you,' she said, looking closely at him and suddenly finding the name of that annoying face -- it is stubbornness. The question for you is whether you will be the winner with me, and for me... 'She felt sorry for herself again, and she almost cried. 'If only you knew what it was for me! When I feel like you're hostile now, it's how hostile you are to me if you knew what that means to me! If you'd known how close I am to disaster in these moments, I'm afraid I'm scared of myself!-- and she turned away, hiding the tears.
'What are we talking about? 'He said, horrified before the expression of her despair, and bent back to her, and took her hand and kissed her.' 'For what?
Am I looking for entertainment outside the house?
Aren't I avoiding the society of women?
'Of course I am! 'She said.'
'Well, tell me, what am I supposed to do to make you die?'
I am willing to do everything to make you happy,' he said, moved by her despair, 'What I will not do to save you from the grief of something like now, Anna! 'He said.'
'Nothing, nothing.' 'She said.' 'I do not know for myself whether life is lonely, or nervous...'
Well, let's not talk.
What's the run? You didn't tell me,' she asked, trying to hide the victory that was still on her side.
He asked for dinner and began to tell her the details of the runners; but in tone, in his eyes, which were becoming more and more cold, she saw that he had not forgiven her victory, that the sense of stubbornness with which she had fought was once again established in him.
He was colder to her than before, as if he repented of his surrender. And when she remembered the words that had given her the victory, "I'm close to a terrible misfortune and I'm afraid of myself", she realized that the weapon was dangerous and that it could not be used another time.
And she felt that, beside the love that bound them, there was a spirit of some sort of struggle between them, which she could not expel from either his heart or, even less, from her heart.
There are no conditions that a person can't get used to, especially if he sees that everyone around him lives the same way.
Levin would not have believed three months ago that he could have fallen asleep in the circumstances in which he was today; that by living aimlessly, aimlessly, by means beyond his means, after drinking (otherwise, he could not have called what was in the club), by having an unmistakable friendly relationship with a man in whom his wife was once in love, and by going to a woman who could not be called a lost woman, and after the passion of his woman and the grief of his wife, that he might fall asleep in those circumstances.
But under the influence of fatigue, sleepless night and drinking wine, he fell asleep firmly and calmly.
At five o'clock, the squeak of the open door woke him up.
He jumped up and looked back.
Kitty wasn't in bed near him.
But behind the partition there was a moving-- the light, and he heard her footsteps.
'What? What? 'He said the question.' 'Kiti!
'Nothing,' she said, with a candle in her hand coming out from behind the partition. 'I was not well,' she said, smiling with a particularly sweet and significant smile.
'What? It's started, isn't it? 'Scaredly he said.' 'We have to send him,' he began to dress in haste.
'No, no,' she said, smiling and holding his hand. 'There must be nothing.'
I wasn't feeling well just a little bit.
But now it's gone.
And she came up to the bed, and put out the candle, and lied down and quieted down.
Although he was suspicious of the silence of her as if she were holding her breath and most of all the expression of special tenderness and excitement with which she said "nothing" to him when she came out of the partition, he was so sleepy that he fell asleep right now.
Only then did he remember the silence of her breath and realized everything that was going on in her dear, sweet soul, while she lay beside him, not moving, waiting for the greatest event in a woman's life.
At seven o'clock, he was woken up by a touch of her hand to his shoulder and a quiet whisper.
It was like she was fighting between pity and waking him up and wanting to talk to him.
'Kostya, don't be scared.
Nothing. But I think...
We should send for Lizaveta Petrovna.
The candle was lit again.
She sat on the bed and held the knitting she had done in the last few days.
'Please don't be scared, nothing.
I am not afraid of anything,' when she saw his frightened face, she said, and held his hand to her breasts, and then to her lips.
He jumped up in haste, without feeling or letting her out of his sight, put on his robe, and stopped, looking at her.
I should have gone, but he couldn't stop looking at her. He didn't love her face, didn't know her expression, her look, but he never saw her like that.
How awful and awful he thought he was, remembering yesterday's sorrow to her, before her, how she was now!
Her blazing face, surrounded by soft hair from under her nightcap, glowed with joy and determination.
As little as it was unnatural and conditional in Kitty's general character, Levin was still struck by what was now naked in front of him when all the coverings were removed and the very core of her soul glowed in her eyes.
And in this simplicity and nude, she, the one he loved, was even more visible.
When she smiled, she looked at him; but suddenly her eyebrows shuddered, she lifted her head up, and came to him quickly, and took his hand, and all pressed toward him, giving him her hot breath.
She suffered and complained to him about her suffering.
And in his first minute of habit, he thought it was his fault.
But in her eyes there was tenderness, which said that not only did she not blame him, but she loved him for his suffering.
"If not me, who's to blame?" 'He thought unwillingly, finding the culprit of these sufferings to punish him; but there was no perpetrator.'
She suffered, complained, and celebrated these sufferings, and rejoiced and loved them.
He saw something beautiful happening in her soul, but what? 'He could not understand.'
It was beyond his understanding.
'I sent to my mother.
Hurry up and get Lizaveta Petrovna...
Kostya!
It's okay, it's gone.
She walked away from him and called.
'Well, now go, Pasha is coming.
Nothing to me.
Levin was surprised to see that she had taken the knitting that she had brought at night, and began to bind again.
While Levin walked out one door, he heard a girl enter the other.
He stopped by the door and heard Kitty give detailed orders to the girl and move the bed with her.
He was dressed and while the horses were being laid, because there weren't any drivers yet. He ran into the bedroom again, not on the chicks, but on the wings he thought.
Two girls were worried about moving something in the bedroom.
Kitty walked and knitted, fast-clothesed, and controlled.
'I'm on my way to see a doctor.
We're gonna get Lizaveta Petrovna, but I'm gonna stop by. Don't you need something?
Yeah, Dolly's?
She looked at him, obviously not listening to what he said.
'Yes, yes.
Go, go,' she quickly spoke, frowning and waving her hand at him.
He was walking out into the living room, and suddenly he was sorry, and immediately the quiet groaning out of the bedroom.
He stopped and couldn't understand for a long time.
"Yeah, it's her," he said to himself, and grabbed his head and ran down.
'Lord, have mercy! I'm sorry, help me!-- he used to say things that suddenly came to his mouth.
And he, a man who disbelieved, repeated it not with a single mouth.
Now, at this moment, he knew that everything was not just his doubts, but that inability to believe by reason, which he knew in himself, did not prevent him from turning to God in any way.
It's all gone off his soul now, like dust.
To whom, then, did he turn, not to the one in whose hands he felt, to his soul, and to his love?
The horse was not yet ready, but when he felt a particular strain of physical strength and attention to what was to be done in order not to lose a minute, he walked without waiting for the horse and ordered Kuzma to catch up with himself.
On the corner, he met a night trainer in haste.
Lizavet Petrovna sat on a small sanctuary in a velvet salad tied in a handkerchief.
"Thank God, thank God!" 'He spoke with delight, knowing her, now having a particularly serious, even strict expression, a small blonde face.'
Without telling the driver to stop, he ran back next to her.
'That's two hours. No more,' she said. 'You will catch Petra Dmitrich, but do not rush him.
Let's get some opium at the pharmacy.
'So you think it can be safe?'
Oh, my God, have mercy and help! 'Said Levin, when he saw his horse leaving the gate.'
When he jumped in the sleigh next to Kuzma, he told him to go to the doctor.
The doctor wasn't up yet, and the footman said that "they're late and they didn't tell us to wake up, but they're gonna be up soon."
Lacey was cleaning the lamp panes and seemed very busy with it.
The attention of the footman to the glasses and the indifference to what Levin had at first surprised him, but at once he realized that no one knew or was obliged to know his feelings and that it was all the more necessary to act calmly, thoughtfully and decisively to break through that wall of indifference and achieve his purpose.
"Don't rush or miss anything," said Levin to himself, feeling more and more physical strength and attention to all that was to be done.
After learning that the doctor had not yet been up, Levin of the various plans presented to him said: "Kuzma to go with a note to another doctor, and to go to the pharmacy to get opium, and if he does not come back, the doctor will, either by bribing the footman or by force, if he does not agree, to wake the doctor up at some point.
At the pharmacy, a skinny display with the same indifference as the lacquer was cleaning glass, typing a patch of powder for the waiter, and refusing opium.
In an effort to take time and not to get excited, by naming a doctor and a midwife and explaining what opium was needed, Levin began to convince him.
The Provedor asked in German for advice on whether to release, and after obtaining consent from the partition, he pulled out a bottle, a vortex, slowly spilled from the big to the small, put a label, sealed it despite Levin's request not to do so, and wanted to do it again.
Levin was no longer able to withstand it; he took the bubbles out of his hand with determination and ran into large glass doors.
The doctor hasn't been up yet, and the footman, who is now busy with the carpet, has refused to wake up.
Levin, not in a hurry, got a ten - chunk piece of paper and, slowly speaking but without wasting time, gave him a paper and explained that Peter Dmitrich (how great and significant Levin now seemed to be such an unimportant Peter Dmitrich!) promised to be at all times that he wouldn't be angry, and that he would wake up now.
Lakei agreed, went upstairs and asked Levin to the waiting room.
Levin could hear outside the door coughing, walking, washing, and the doctor saying something.
It was three minutes later; Levin felt that more than an hour had passed.
He couldn't wait any longer.
'Peter Dmitrich, Peter Dmitrich! 'He spoke in a begging voice into the open door.' 'For God's sake, forgive me.
Take me as it is.
It's been over two hours.
'Now, now! 'The voice answered, and Levin was surprised to hear the doctor say it smiling.
'For one minute...'
'Now.
It was two more minutes before the doctor wore his boots and two more minutes while the doctor was wearing his dress and scratching his head.
'Peter Dmitrich!' began Levin again with a pitiful voice, but at that time the doctor, dressed and haired, came out.
"There is no conscience in these people," Levin thought. 'Catch while we die!'
'Good morning! 'By giving him his hand and teasing him exactly with his calmness,' said the doctor to him. 'Take your time.
Well?
In an effort to be as thorough as possible, Levin began to give all the unnecessary details of his wife's situation, repeatedly interrupting his story with requests that the doctor go with him now.
'You're not in a hurry.
You don't know. I don't need to, I guess, but I promised I'd come.
But I'm not.
Would you please sit down for coffee?
Levin looked at him, wondering if he laughed at him.
But the doctor didn't mean to laugh.
'I know-s, I know,' said the doctor smiling, 'I am a family man myself; but we husbands are the most pathetic people in these moments.
I have a patient, so her husband always runs off to the stables.
'But what do you think, Peter Dmitrich?
Do you think it could be safe?
'All data for a successful outcome.
'Are you coming now?' 'Said Levin, looking evilly at the servant who had brought coffee.'
'In an hour.
'No, for God's sake!
'Well, let me get some coffee.'
The doctor took the coffee.
Both of them shut up.
'But the Turks are beating with determination.
Did you read yesterday's telegram? 'The doctor said, chewing over the bun.
'No, I can't! 'Said Levin, jumping up.' 'So you'll be here in a quarter of an hour?'
'In half an hour.
'Surely?'
When Levin returned home, he moved in with the Princess, and they approached the bedroom door together.
The Princess had tears in her eyes, and her hands shivered.
When she saw Levin, she understood him and cried.
'Well, Lizaveta Petrovna's sweetheart,' she said, grabbing by the hand that had come out to meet them with Lizavet Petrovna's shining and anxious face.
'It's going well,' she said. 'Call her to lie down. It'll be easier.
From the moment he woke up and realized what was going on, Levin was prepared not to think, to say nothing, to block all thoughts and feelings, not to disappoint his wife, but, on the contrary, by calming and supporting her courage, to carry over the things that lie ahead for him.
Without even allowing himself to think about what would be, what would be the end of it, based on questions about how much it would normally continue, Levin, in his imagination, prepared himself to endure and hold his heart in the hand of five hours, and it seemed possible to him.
But when he came back from the doctor and saw her suffering again, he said more and more often, "Lord, forgive me, help me," sighing and raising his head to the top; and he felt afraid that he would not endure it, cry, or run away. It was so painful for him.
It's only been an hour.
But after that hour, another hour, two, three, all the five hours that he had set himself for the longest period of patience, and the situation was the same; and he continued to endure, because there was nothing more to do than to endure, every minute thinking that he had reached the last limit of patience and that his heart was about to be torn apart from compassion.
But it took minutes, hours, and hours, and his feelings of suffering and horror grew and became even more intense.
All those normal living conditions, without which nothing could be imagined, no longer existed for Levin.
He lost consciousness of time.
The minutes -- the moments that she called him to herself, and he held her by the sweaty, squeezing with the extraordinary force, then pushing his hand away -- seemed to him for hours, and the clock seemed to him minutes.
He was surprised when Lizaveta Petrovna asked him to light a candle behind the screen, and he found out it was five o'clock in the evening.
If they told him it was only ten o'clock in the morning, he wouldn't be surprised.
Where he was at that time, he didn't know as much as he did when he was.
And he saw her inflammation, then he was perplexing, and he was suffering, and he was smiling, and he was soothing.
He also saw a princess, red, tense, with open bouquet of gray hair and tears, which she swallowed heavily, biting her lips, and saw Dolly, and a doctor who smoked fat papyros, and Lizavet Petrovna, with a firm, determined and soothing face, and an old prince walking around the room with a frowny face.
But when they came in and out, where they were, he didn't know.
The Princess was with the doctor in the bedroom, in the office where the table was covered; she wasn't, but Dolly.
Then Levin remembered that he had been sent somewhere.
Since he was sent to move the table and the couch.
He did it with diligence, thinking it was necessary for her, and then he just found out that he was the one who was cooking for himself.
Then he was sent to the doctor's office to ask for something.
The doctor answered and then talked about the riots in Douma.
Then they sent him to the Princess's bedroom to bring him an image in a silver, golden Rise, and he and the old Princess's maid climbed onto the cupboard and smashed the light bulb, and the Princess's maid calmed him about his wife and the lampfish, and he brought an image and put it in Kitty's head, carefully shoving it behind the pillows.
But where, when and why it was all, he didn't know.
He also failed to understand why the Princess took his hand and, looking at him with pity, asked to calm down, and Dolly urged him to eat and to leave the room, and even the doctor looked seriously and with compassion at him and offered a drop.
He only knew and felt that what was happening was like what was happening a year ago at a hotel in the city of Paris on the death of Brother Nikolai.
But it was grief -- it was joy.
But the grief and the joy were the same out of all the normal living conditions, were in this ordinary life like holes through which something higher was seen.
And the day when it came to pass was just as hard and painful, and the soul rose up to a height which it had never understood before, and where it had not been able to keep up with it.
"My Lord, forgive me and help me," he kept telling himself, despite so long and seemingly complete isolation, feeling that he was turning to God as trustingly and simply as he was during childhood and youth.
He was in two separate moods the whole time.
One -- out of her presence, with a doctor who smoked one fat papyrosk behind each other and put them on the edge of a full ashtray, with Dolly and with the prince, where it was about lunch, about politics, about Maria Petrovna's disease, and where Levin suddenly for a moment completely forgot what was going on, and felt like he was waking up, and another mood -- in her presence, at her head, where her heart wanted to break and everything was broken from compassion, and he kept praying to God.
And every time a scream came out of his bedroom from the moment he was forgotten, he fell under the same weird delusion that he found in his first Miyutu; every time he heard a scream, he jumped up, ran to excuse himself, remembered the dear, that it wasn't his fault, and he wanted to protect him, to help him.
But when he looked at her, he saw again that he couldn't help, and he was terrified and said, "My Lord, forgive me and help me."
And the longer the time went on, the stronger the moods became: the calmer, forgetting it completely, he became out of her presence, and the more painful her suffering and feeling of helplessness in front of them became.
He jumped in, wanted to run away, and ran to her.
Sometimes, when she called him again and again, he blamed her.
But when he saw her humble, smiling face and heard the words, "I have tormented you," he blamed God, but when he remembered God, he immediately begged forgiveness and mercy.
He didn't know it was too late, did he?
The candles have all been burned.
Dolly was just in her office and asked the doctor to lie down.
Levin sat listening to the doctor's stories about the charlatan magnetizer, and stared at the ashes of his papyros.
There was a rest period, and he forgot.
He completely forgot what was happening now.
He listened to the doctor's story and understood it.
Suddenly there was a scream, nothing like it.
Creek was so scared that Levin didn't even jump up, but without taking a breath, he looked at the doctor in a scared, question-and-question manner. The doctor leaned his head sideways, listening, and smiled with approval.
It was so extraordinary that nothing struck Levin.
"Yeah, that's right," he thought, and he kept sitting.