Dolly felt embarrassed and looked for the subject of the conversation.
Although she thought that with his pride he should dislike the praise of his house and garden, she did not find another object of conversation but told him that she liked his house very much.
'Yes, it is a very beautiful structure and a good, antiquated style,' he said.
'I loved the yard in front of the porch.
Was it?
'No!' he said, and his face was shining with pleasure. 'If only you could see this court this spring!
And he began, first carefully, and then more and more enthralled, drawing her attention to the details of the house and garden.
It was apparent that when he devoted a great deal of work to the improvement and adornment of his establishment, he felt the need to boast about them in front of the new face and rejoiced at the praises of Daria Alexandrovna.
'If you want to look at the hospital and aren't tired, it's not far away.
'Let's go?' he said, looking into her face to make sure she wasn't bored.
'Are you coming, Anna? 'He turned to her.'
'We shall go.
Isn't that right? 'She turned to Sviyazhsky. --Mais il ne fat pas laisser le pauvre Veslovsky et Tuskevich se morfondre la Dans le bateau.
We should tell them.
Yeah, it's a monument he'll leave here,' said Anna, turning to Dolly with the same trick, knowing the smile she used to talk to about the hospital.
'O capital case!' said Sviyazhsky.
But in order not to appear to be giving in to Bronski, he immediately added a slightly reprehensible remark. 'I am surprised, however, Count,' he said, 'like you, doing so much sanitation for the people, so indifferent to schools.
'C'est devenu tellement commun les ecoles,' said Vronsky. 'You know, it's not from that, but, well, I got carried away.
This is the way to the hospital,' he turned to Daria Alexandrovna, pointing to the side exit from the alley.
The ladies opened the umbrellas and went on the sidewalk.
After going through a few turns and coming out of the trench, Daria Alexandrovna saw before her in a high place a large red, intelligent form, almost complete structure.
The iron roof, not yet painted, glittered in the bright sun.
At the end of the building, there was another area surrounded by forests, and the workers in the aprons placed bricks on the soles and filled the kegs with pancake and set the rules.
'How quickly your work is going!' said Sviyazhsky. 'The last time I was, there was no roof.
'By autumn, everything will be ready.'
'There's almost everything on the inside,' said Anna.
'And what is this new?'
'This room is for a doctor and a pharmacy,' replied Wronsky, seeing him in a short architect's coat, and apologizing to the ladies, he met him.
As he walked around, the workers picked up the limelight, he stopped with the architect and started to say something.
'The Fronton goes further,' he replied, asking Anna what was going on.
'I said I should have raised the foundation,' said Anna.
'Yes, of course, it would have been better, Anna Arkadievna,' said the architect, 'it has been missed.
'Yes, I am very interested in that,' replied Anna Sviyazhsky, who expressed surprise at her knowledge of architecture. 'We need the new structure to match the hospital.' And it was invented after and started without a plan.
After concluding his conversation with the architect, he joined the ladies and took them inside the hospital.
Even though the carnivals were still being finished outside and painted in the lower floor, almost everything was sewn upstairs.
They entered the first large room on the wide iron ladder to the site.
The walls were plastered to marble, the huge whole windows had already been inserted, only the floor of the park had not yet been finished, and the tablets, which were hardening up the square, had left work to say hello to the gentlemen when they removed the tesems holding their hair.
'This is the reception room,' said Wronsky. 'There will be a puppet, a table, a closet, and nothing else.
'This way, let's go this way.
Stay away from the window,' said Anna, trying to dry the paint. 'Alexei, the paint has dried up,' she added.
They went from the reception to the hallway.
This is where Vronsky showed them the ventilation of the new system.
Then he showed the baths of marble, the beds with the extraordinary springs.
Then he showed one room after the other, the storeroom, the laundry room, then the ovens of the new device, then cars that wouldn't make any noise by bringing the right things down the hall, and a lot of other things.
Sviyazhsky valued everything as a person who knew all the new developments.
Dolly was simply surprised by what she had not seen until now and, in order to understand everything, asked in detail what was giving the obvious pleasure of Deuteronomy.
'Yes, I think it will be the only well-established hospital in Russia,' said Sviyazhsky.
'Aren't you going to have a maternity ward?' 'I asked Dolly.' 'It is so necessary in the village.
I often...
Despite his courtesy, he interrupted her.
'It is not a maternity home, but a hospital, and it is prescribed for all diseases except contagious diseases,' he said. 'Look at this...' and he rode a newly-written recovery chair toward Daria Alexandrovna. 'Look at this. 'He sat in the chair and moved him. 'He can't walk, he can't walk, he can't walk, but he needs air, and he drives, he rides...'
Daria Alexandrovna was interested, and she liked everything, but most of all, she had a good time with this natural naïve passion.
"Yeah, it's a very sweet, good man," she thought sometimes, not listening to him, but looking at him and looking at his expression and thinking about Anna.
She loved him so much in her rebirth that she understood how Anna could fall in love with him.
'No, I think the Princess is tired, and the horses are of no interest to her,' said Vronsky Anna, who offered to go to the horse factory where Sviyazhsky wanted to see a new stallion. 'You supplicate, and I will escort the Princess home, and we will talk,' he said, 'if it pleases you,' he turned to her.
'I don't understand anything about horses, and I am very happy,' said a somewhat surprised Lady Alexandrovna.
She saw in the face of Vronski that he needed something from her.
She wasn't wrong.
As soon as they entered through the gate again into the garden, he looked in the direction where Anna went, and made sure that she could neither hear nor see them, he began:
'Did you guess that I wanted to talk to you? 'He said, laughing with his eyes at her. 'I am not mistaken that you are Anna's friend. 'He took off his hat and, by delivering a handkerchief, wiped out his wrinkled head.
Daria Alexandrovna didn't answer anything, and she only looked scaredly at him.
When she was alone with him, she was suddenly scared: laughing eyes and a hard look on her face scared her.
The most varied assumptions about what he's going to talk about in her head are, "He's gonna ask me to move in with them, and I'm gonna have to say no to him, or I'm gonna make a circle in Moscow for Anna...
Or isn't it about Vasenka and his relationship with Anna?
How about Kitty, that he feels guilty?"
She anticipated all the unpleasant things, but she didn't know what he wanted to talk to her about.
'You have such an influence on Anna, she loves you so much,' he said, 'help me.
Daria Alexandrovna looked at his energyy face, which all went out in the shadows of the sun, again darkened the shadow, and expected what he would say next, but by sticking a cane to the chip, he walked silently behind her.
'If you have come to us, you are the only woman of Anna's former friends,' I do not think of Princess Barbara, 'I understand that you have done so not because you think our situation is normal, but because you understand the gravity of this situation and still love her and want to help her.
Did I understand you? 'He asked, looking back at her.'
'Oh, yes,' answered Daria Alexandrovna, folding her umbrella, 'but...
'No,' he interrupted, and involuntarily, forgetting that he was embarrassing his interviewer, stopped, so she should have stopped. 'No one more and more than me feels the gravity of Anna's situation. And that's understandable if you do me the honor of thinking of me as having a heart.
I'm the cause of this situation, and that's why I feel it.
'I understand,' said Daria Alexandrovna, involuntarily admiring him as he said it with sincerity and firmness. 'But precisely because you feel a cause, you exaggerate, I'm afraid,' she said. 'The situation is difficult in light, I understand.
'In the light of hell!' he frowned, quickly said. 'You can't imagine moral suffering worse than what she endured in Petersburg in two weeks... and I ask you to believe it.
'Yes, but here, until Anna... or you feel the need in the light...'
'The light! 'He said with contempt.' 'What need can I have in the light?
'Until then -- and this can always be -- you are happy and calm.
I can see from Anna that she's happy, she's perfectly happy, she's already told me,' said Daria Alexandrovna with a smile; and, involuntarily, she's now wondering if Anna is really happy.
But Wronsky seemed to have no doubt about it.
'Yes, yes,' he said. 'I know that she has come to life after all her suffering; she is happy.'
She's happy with the real one.
But I... I'm afraid of what awaits us...
My bad, do you want to go?
'No, it doesn't matter.
'Well, let's sit here.
Daria Alexandrovna sat on a garden bench in the corner of the alley.
He stopped in front of her.
'I see that she is happy,' he repeated, and doubting whether she is happy was even more striking to Daria Alexandrovna. 'But can it go on like this?
Whether we did well or wrong was another question; but the lots were cast,' he said, moving from Russian to French, and we are bound for life.
We are united by the most sacred bonds of love.
We have a baby, we may have more children.
But the law and all the conditions of our situation are such that they are the thousands of combinations that she now, resting her soul after all her suffering and suffering, neither sees nor wants to see.
And that's understandable.
But I can't help but see.
My daughter isn't my daughter, she's Karenina.
I don't want this deception!-- he said with an energy gesture of denial, and looked down on Daria Alexandrovna.
She didn't answer anything, and she just looked at him.
He continued:
'And tomorrow is the birth of a son, my son, and he is legally Karenin, he is not the heir of my name or of my condition, and no matter how happy we are in the family and no matter how many children we have, there is no connection between me and them.
They're Karenina.
You will understand the hardship and horror of this situation!
I tried talking to Anna about it. It annoys her.
She doesn't understand, and I can't tell her everything.
Now look on the other side.
I'm happy with her love, but I have to have a class.
I've found it, and I'm proud of it, and I think it's more noble than my former friends in court and in the service.
And no doubt I'm not gonna trade this case for their case.
I work here, sitting there, and I'm happy, happy, and we don't need anything else to be happy.
I love this activity.
Cela n'est pas un pis-aller, opposite...
Daria Alexandrovna noticed that he had confused his explanation at that point, and she did not understand it well, but felt that, as he began to talk about his personal relationship, which he could not talk about with Anna, he was now saying everything and that the question of his activities in the village was in the same department of soulful thinking as the question of his relationship with Anna.
'So I continue,' he said, waking up. 'The important thing is that, while working, it is necessary to have the conviction that my cause will not die with me, that I will have heirs, &apos; which I do not have.
Imagine the situation of a man who knows ahead that his children and the woman he loves will not be his, and someone who hates them and doesn't want to know.
It's awful!
He wasn't talking, apparently, in a lot of excitement.
'Yes, of course, I understand that.
But what can Anna do? 'Daria Alexandrovna asked.'
'Yes, it brings me to the point of my conversation,' he said, calming down with effort. 'Anna may be dependent on her...'
Even to ask the king for adoption, a divorce is necessary. And that depends on Anna.
Her husband agreed to a divorce, which was when your husband arranged it.
And now, I know he wouldn't say no.
You should've just texted him.
He answered directly then that if she expressed her wish, he would not refuse.
Of course, &quot; he said sombrely, &quot; this is one of these Pharisees &apos; atrocities that only these people without a heart can do.
And he knoweth the torment of all the remembrance thereof, and when he knoweth it, he asketh her for a letter.
I know she's excruciating. But the reasons are so important that you have to pass a passer passus toutes se businesses de sentiment.
Il y va du bonheur et de l'existence d'Anne et de ses enfants.
I'm not talking about myself, although it's hard, it's very hard for me,' he said, threatening someone because it was hard for them. 'Well, Princess, I hold you shamelessly as an anchor of salvation.
Help me get her to write to him and demand a divorce!
'Yes, of course,' she thought carefully, remembering her last date with Alexei Alexandrovich. 'Yes, of course,' she repeated with determination, remembering Anna.
'Take your influence on her, make her write.' I don't want to talk to her about it, and I can hardly talk to her about it.
'All right, I'll talk to you.
But why wouldn't she think so? 'Daria Alexandrovna said, all of a sudden, remembering Anna's strange new habit of sneaking around.
And she remembered that Anna was sneaking around when it came to the emotional aspects of life.
"It's right that she's staring at her life so she doesn't see everything," thought Dolly. 'I will certainly speak to her and to myself,' replied Daria Alexandrovna to his expression of gratitude.
They got up and went to the house.
As Dolly's trap returned, Anna carefully looked her in the eye, as if she were asking about the conversation that she had with Vronski, but did not ask her in words.
'I think it's time for lunch,' she said. 'We haven't seen each other at all.
I'm counting on tonight.
Now we have to go get dressed. I think you are, too.
We all got dirty in the building.
Dolly went to her room, and she got funny.
She had nothing to wear, because she already wore her best dress; but in order to mark her cooking for dinner, she asked the maid to clean her dress, changed her sleeves and a bow, and put laces on her head.
'This is all I could do,' she said, smiling, saying to Anna, who in the third, again in an extremely simple dress, came out to her.
'Yes, we are very cranky here,' she said, as if apologizing for our dress. 'Alexei is pleased with your arrival, as he rarely does.'
He is firmly in love with you,' she added. 'Aren't you tired?
I didn't have time to talk about anything before lunch.
When they entered the living room, they found Princess Varvar and the men in black tuxedo.
The architect was in a freckle.
Wronsky introduced the doctor's and manager's guest. He introduced the architect to her at the hospital.
The fat butler, with a round shaved face and a broken white tie bow, reported that the food was ready, and the ladies rose up.
He asked Sviyazhsky to give his hand to Anna Arkadyevna, but he himself approached Dolly.
Veslovsky had previously given Princess Varvara her hand, so Tuskevich and the manager and the doctor went alone.
Lunch, dining room, dishes, servants, wine, and food not only matched the common tone of the new luxury of the house, but seemed to be even more luxurious and newer than anything else.
Daria Alexandrovna saw this new luxury for herself and, as the hostess of the house, -- although not hoping to apply anything seen to her house, it was all in luxury beyond her way of life -- she uninvolved herself with all the details and asked herself who and how she had done it.
Vasenka Veslovsky, her husband, and even Sviyazhsky, and many of the people she knew, never thought about it and believed in the word that every decent master wanted to let his guests feel, exactly that everything he had so well was worth nothing to him, master, but was himself.
Daria Alexandrovna, on the other hand, knew that there was no such thing as a kid's breakfast swing and that someone else's attention should have been drawn to such a complex and beautiful device. And in the eyes of Alexey Kirillovich, how he looked around the table, and how he made a sign to the butler's head, and as Daria Alexandrovna suggested the choice between botwine and soup, she realized that everything was being done and supported by the master's own care.
Anna obviously had no more to do with it than Veslovsky did.
She, the Princess of Sviyazh, and Veslovsky were just as much guests as they used to enjoy what was prepared for them.
Anna was only the hostess of the conversation.
And this conversation, which is very difficult for the hostess of the house under a small table, with faces like a manager and an architect, people of a completely different world trying not to make a living in an unusual luxury and unable to take a long part in a conversation, this difficult conversation Anna had with her usual tact, naturality, and even pleasure, as Daria Alexandrovna observed.
The conversation came about how Tuškevich and Veslovsky were alone in a boat, and Tuškevich began to talk about the last races in Petersburg at the Yacht Club.
But Anna immediately turned to the architect to get him out of silence.
'Nicolaj Ivanović was amazed,' she said about Sviyazhski, 'how the new structure has grown since he was here last time; but I myself have been on my own every day, and I wonder how soon it is coming.
'It is good to work well with his ladyship,' said the architect with a smile (he was with his dignity, respectful and calm man). 'It is not like dealing with the authorities of the Republic.'
Wherever a stack of paper is written, I'll report it to the count, we'll talk it over, and in three words.
'American techniques,' said Sviyazhsky, smiling.
'Yes, there are buildings built rationally...'
The conversation turned to abuse of authority in the United States, but Anna immediately translated it into another topic to summon the manager out of silence.
'Have you ever seen a harvest car?' 'She turned to Daria Alexandrovna. 'We went to see when you were met.'
It's the first time I've seen it.
'How do they operate?' 'I asked Dolly.'
'It's like scissors.
A board and a lot of little scissors.
That's it.
Anna took her beautiful, white, ring - covered knife and fork and began to show.
She apparently saw nothing from her explanation; but knowing that she spoke nicely and that her hands were beautiful, she continued to explain.
'It is more like penknifes,' said Veslovsky, who kept an eye on her.
Anna almost smiled, but she didn't answer him.
'Isn't it true, Carl Federoritch, what's like scissors? 'She turned to the manager.'
'O ja,' answered the German. 'Es est ein ganz einfaches Ding,' began explaining the machine device.
'It's too bad she doesn't knit.'
I saw at the Vienna exhibition, knitting wire,' said Sviyazhsky. 'They'd be better off.
--Es commt drauf an... Der Preis vom Draht muss ausgerechtnet werden. 'And the German, caused by silence, turned to Wronsky:' Das lasst sich ausrechten, Erlaucht. 'The German had already taken up his pocket, where he had a pencil in a book in which he had calculated everything, but when he remembered that he was sitting at lunch, and noticed the cold look of Wronski, he abstained. 'Zu complicirt, macht zu viel Klopot,' he concluded.
'Wunscht man Dochots, so hath man auch Klopots,' said Vasenka Veslovsky, shaking over the German. 'J'adore l'allemand,' he turned again with the same smile to Anna.
'Cessez,' she said to him, jokingly sharp. 'And we thought we'd catch you in the field, Vasily Semenić,' she turned to a doctor, a painful man, 'you were there?
'I was there, but I flew away,' answered the doctor with dark humour.
'So you've done a good exercise.'
'Great!
'Well, what about the old woman's health? I hope it's not typhoid?
'Tiff isn't typhoid, not adventure.
'What a pity!' said Anna, and thus paying tribute to the housekeepers, turned to hers.
'And yet, according to your story, it would be difficult to build a car, Anna Arkadievna,' said Sviyazhsky.
'No, why not? 'Anna said with a smile, who said that she knew that in her interpretation of the machine device there was something nice, seen and Sviyazhsky.
It's a new feature of young coketicism that's distastefully struck Dolly.
'But the architecture of Anna Arkadievna's knowledge is amazing,' said Tushkevich.
'As I heard, Anna Arkadievna said yesterday, ‘In the strings and the plints,' said Veslovsky. 'Is that what I'm saying?
'No wonder when you see and hear so much,' said Anna. 'Are you sure you don't even know what the houses are made of?'
Daria Alexandrovna saw that Anna was displeased with the tone of playiness that was between her and Veslovsky, but she herself willingly fell into it.
Not as did Levin in this case.
He apparently did not attribute any importance to Veslovsky's chatter and, on the contrary, encouraged these jokes.
'Oh, tell me, Veslovsky, how do the stones connect?
'Cement, of course.
'Bravo!
What's cement?
'Okay, it's like a smudge... no, a smudge,' said Veslovsky, glamorously.
The conversation between the lunches, with the exception of the dark silence of the doctor, the architect and the manager, did not stop, where it was slipping, where it was clinging and stabbing someone behind the living.
On one occasion, Daria Alexandrovna was hit by the living and was so hot that she even blushed, and then she remembered if she had said anything that was unnecessary and unpleasant.
Sviyazhsky spoke of Levin, telling his strange opinions that cars were only harmful in the Russian economy.
'I do not have the pleasure of knowing this gentleman Levin,' he replied with a smile, 'but perhaps he has never seen the machines he condemns. And if you've seen and experienced it, it's something, and it's not foreign, it's some Russian.
What are the views here?
'In general Turkish views,' said Veslovsky with a smile, turning to Anna.
'I can't defend his judgment,' said Daria Alexandrovna in a flash, 'but I can say that he is a very educated man, and if he were here, he would know what to say, but I can't.
'I love him very much, and we're big buddies,' said Sviyazhsky with a good smile. --Mais pardon, il est un petit peu toque: by measure, he claims that both the land and the justices of the peace are not necessary, and he does not want to participate in anything.
'This is our Russian indifference,' said Wronsky, pouring water from the ice Countess into a thin glass on his foot, 'not feeling the responsibilities that give us our rights, and therefore denying these responsibilities.
'I don't know a man more stringent in the performance of his duties,' said Daria Alexandrovna, annoyed by this tone of the superiority of Vronski.
'I did, on the contrary,' he continued, apparently affected by the life of this conversation. 'In contrast, as you see me, I am very grateful for the honour that was done to me, thanks to Nikolai Ivanovich (he pointed to Sviyazhsky), who chose me as an honorary justice of the peace.
I think it's my duty to go to the convention, to discuss a man's horse case as important as anything I can do.
And I'll be honored if I'm chosen vowel.
I can only repay it for the benefits I enjoy as a landowner.
Unfortunately, we do not understand the importance that big landholders should have in the State.
It was strange to listen to him calmly at his desk.
She remembered how Levin, who thought the opposite, was equally determined in his judgment at his desk.
But she loved Levin, so she was on his side.
'So we can count on you, Count, for the next convention?' 'Sviyazhsky said.' 'But we must go early so that the eighth is already there.'
Would you do me the honor of coming to my place?
'And I agree a little bit with your beau-free,' said Anna. 'Not like him,' she added with a smile. 'I'm afraid we've had too many of these social responsibilities lately.
As in the past, there were so many officials who needed an official for every case, so now all the public figures.
Alexei's been here six months now, and he seems to be a member of five or six different public institutions -- custody, judge, vowel, juror, horse of something.
Du train que cela va will always go for it.
And I'm afraid that with so many of these cases, it's just a form.
How many dicks are you, Nikolai Ivanovich? 'She turned to Sviyazhsky. 'I think it's over 20?'
Anna was joking, but in tone she felt annoyed.
Danielna, who had carefully observed Anna and Deuteronomy, immediately noticed this.
She also noticed that the face of his conversation immediately took a serious and persistent expression.
Noticed this, and that Princess Varvar immediately, in order to change the conversation, quickly spoke of Peterburg's acquaintances, and remembering what he was saying in the garden about her activities, Dolly realized that there had been some intimate quarrel between Anna and Vronski with regard to this issue of social activity.
Dinner, wine, a collection -- it was all very good, but it was all the way that Daria Alexandrovna saw at the dinners and the balls she was out of, and with the same character of impersonality and tension; and therefore, on an ordinary day and in a small mug, it made an unpleasant impression on her.
We sat on the terrace this afternoon.
Then they started playing lawn tennis.
The players split into two parties and placed themselves on a carefully leveled and killed croquetgraund, on both sides of a glacial grid.
Daria Alexandrovna tried to play, but she couldn't understand the games for a long time, and when she realized it, she was so tired that she sat down with Princess Barbara and only looked at the players.
Her partner Tuskevich, too, fell behind; but the others continued the game for a long time.
Sviyazhsky and Vronski both played very well and seriously.
They were watching the ball that hit them, not in a hurry, not in a baggy, sneaking up on him, waiting for the jump, and clearly and correctly giving the ball a rocket, throwing it over the net.
Veslovsky played worse than others.
He was too hot, but he cheered up the players with his fun.
His laughter and screaming didn't stop.
He took off, like the other men, with the permission of the ladies, a smurf, and his large beautiful figure in the white sleeves of his shirt, with his rippled sweaty face, and his frantic movements were smashed into memory.
When Daria Alexandrovna went to bed that night, as soon as she closed her eyes, she saw Vasenka Veslovsky passing through the crocodile.
Daria Alexandrovna wasn't funny during the game.
She did not like the continued playful relationship between Vasenka Veslovsky and Anna and the general indignity of the big ones when they were alone, without children, playing a child's game.
But in order not to upset others and spend some time, she, resting again, joined the game and pretended she was having fun.
All day she felt like she was playing the theater with better actors than she was and that her bad game was ruining the whole thing.
She came with the intention of staying two days if she lives.
But tonight, during the game, she decided she was leaving tomorrow.
The painful maternal care she hated so dearly now, after a day without them, seemed to her in a different light and pulled her towards her.
When she entered her room alone after evening tea and a night walk in the boat, she took off her dress and sat down to clean her liquid hair for the night, she felt greatly relieved.
She wasn't even happy to think that Anna was coming to her.
She wanted to be alone with her thoughts.
Dolly already wanted to go to bed when Anna came into her night suit.
During the day, Anna began to talk about matters of heart several times and stopped each time she said a few words. "Once we're alone, we'll talk.
I have so much to say to you,' she said.
Now they were alone, and Anna didn't know what to talk about.
She sat by the window, staring at Dolly and recaptured all the things that seemed to be inexhaustible, and she found nothing.
She thought at this moment that everything had already been said.
'Well, what about Kitty? 'She said, taking a heavy breath and looking at Dolly to blame. 'Tell me the truth, Dolly, isn't she mad at me?
'Are you angry?'
No,' said Daria Alexandrovna, smiling.
'But hates, despises?
But you know that doesn't say goodbye.
'Yes, yes,' said Anna, turning her back and looking out the open window. 'But it wasn't my fault. And who's to blame?
What's wrong?
Couldn't it be different?
Well, what do you think?
Could it have been that you weren't Steve's wife?
'Really, I don't know.
But tell me what...
'Yes, yes, but we're not done with Kitty.
Is she happy?
He's a wonderful man, they say.
'It is not enough to say that it is beautiful. I don't know better than a man.
'Ah, I am so glad!
I'm very happy!
It is not enough to say that a fine man,' she repeated.
Dolly smiled.
'But you tell me about yourself.
I have a long conversation with you.
And we talked to...' Dolly didn't know what to call him.
She was embarrassed to call him Count and Alexey Kirillich.
'With Alexei,' said Anna, 'I know what you said.
But I wanted to ask you straight, what do you think of me, my life?
'How can I say that all of a sudden?'
I don't know.
'No, you tell me...
You see my life.
But don't forget that you see us in the summer when you arrived, and we're not alone...
But we came early in the spring, we lived all alone, and we're gonna live alone, and I don't want anything better than that.
But imagine that I live alone without him, alone, and this will be... I can see that it will often be repeated, that he will be out of the house half the time,' she said, getting up and sitting closer to Dolly. 'Of course,' she interrupted Dolly, who wanted to object, 'of course I will not hold him by force.
I don't.
Now the races, his horses are riding, he's on his way.
Nice to meet you.
But think of me, imagine my position...
Don't talk about it! 'She smiled. 'What was he talking to you about?
'He was talking about what I want to talk about myself, and it is easy for me to be his lawyer: whether there is an opportunity and whether...' "Daria Alexandrovna has stumbled," to correct, to improve your position... You know how I see...
But still, if it's possible, we should get married...
'What do you mean, divorce?' 'Anna said. 'Do you know the only woman who came to visit me in Petersburg was Betsy Tverska?'
You know her, don't you?
Au fond c'est la femme la plus deprave qui exite.
She was in touch with Tuskevich, most vilely cheating on her husband.
And she told me she didn't want to know me until my position was wrong.
Don't think I'm comparing...
I know you, my dear.
But I couldn't help remembering...
Well, what did he tell you? 'She repeated it.
'He said he was suffering for you and for himself.
You may say it's selfish, but it's legitimate and noble.
He wants to, first, legitimize his daughter and be your husband, have a right to you.
'What kind of woman, a slave, can be as much a slave as I am in my position? 'It is darkly interrupted.'
'The most important thing he wants... is for you not to suffer.'
'It is impossible!
Well?
'Well, the most legitimate is that he wants your children to have a name.'
'What children? 'Not looking at Dolly and sneaking around,' said Anna.
'Annie and the future...
'He may be calm, I shall have no more children.'
'How can you say you won't?'
'It won't, because I don't want it.
And despite all her excitement, Anna smiled at the naive expression of curiosity, surprise, and horror on Dolly's face.
'The doctor told me after my illness. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
'No way! 'I opened my eyes wide,' said Dolly.
For her, it was one of those discoveries whose findings and conclusions are so enormous that at the first minute it just feels like you can't figure it out, but that there's a lot and a lot to think about.
The discovery of this, which suddenly explained to her all the families she had never understood before, with only one and two children, caused her to have so many thoughts, thoughts, and conflicting feelings that she could not say anything and only looked at Anna with wide open eyes.
It was what she dreamed of today, dear, but now that she's discovered that it's possible, she's terrified.
She felt that it was too simple a solution to a complicated question.
'N'est co pas immoral' -- only she said, silently.
Think of two choices: either to be pregnant, that is, to be sick, or to be a friend, a friend of my husband, still a husband -- Anna deliberately said with a superficial and rash tone.
'Yes, yes, yes,' said Daria Alexandrovna, listening to the very arguments she had given herself and not finding any more convincing in them.
'For you, for others,' said Anna, as if by guessing her thoughts, 'there may still be doubt; but to me...
You understand, I'm not a wife; he loves me as long as he loves me.
Well, how am I gonna support his love?
With this?
She pulled out her white hands in front of her stomach.
With extraordinary speed, as is the case in times of excitement, thoughts and memories were crowding in the head of Daria Alexandrovna.
'I,' she thought,' didn't attract Steve; he left me for others, and the first one he cheated on me did not hold him back by the fact that she was always beautiful and fun.
He left the one and took the other.
And is this what Anna will attract and hold the Count of Wronski?
If he's looking for this, he'll find toilets and manners even more attractive and funny.
And no matter how beautiful the whites, how beautiful her naked hands are, how beautiful the whole of her complete camp, her hot face because of these black hairs, he will find even better than he finds and finds my disgusting, pathetic and sweet husband."
Dolly didn't answer anything, and she just sighed.
Anna noticed this sigh of dissent and continued.
She had other arguments that were so strong that there was nothing to answer.
'Are you saying it's not good?
But we must judge,' she continued. 'You forget my position.
How can I wish for children?
I'm not talking about suffering, I'm not afraid of them.
Think about who my kids are gonna be?
Unhappy children who will bear another's name.
By their very birth, they will have to be ashamed of their mother, their father, their birth.
'That's what divorce is for.
But Anna didn't listen to her.
She wanted to make up for the very reasons she's been convincing herself so many times.
'Why would I be given reason if I did not use it to prevent the poor from being brought to light?'
She looked at Dolly, but without waiting for an answer, she went on:
'I would always feel guilty about these poor children,' she said. 'If they are not, they are not unhappy at least, and if they are unhappy, it is my fault alone.'
These were the very arguments that Darwina made to herself; but now she listened and did not understand them.
"How can you be guilty of things that don't exist?" 'I thought she did.'
And suddenly she thought, could it be any better for her lover Grisha if he never existed?
And it seemed so weird to her, so weird, that she was waving her head around to dispel this confusion of crazy, spinning thoughts.
'No, I don't know, it's not good,' she just said, expressing grossness on her face.
'Yes, but don't forget what you are and what I am...'
And besides,' Anna added, despite the wealth of her arguments and the poverty of Dolly's arguments, as though she still realized that it wasn't good, 'you don't forget the most important thing is that now I'm not in the same position as you.
The question for you is whether you want to have no more children, but for me, whether I want to have them.
And that's a big difference.
You see, I can't want that in my position.
Daria Alexandrovna didn't mind.
She suddenly felt that she had become so far away from Anna, that there were issues between them that they would never come together and that it was better not to talk about.
'All the more so, you need to set your stage, if possible,' said Dolly.
'Yes, if possible,' said Anna suddenly in a completely different, quiet and sad voice.
'Isn't a divorce impossible?
I was told your husband agreed.
'Dolly! I don't want to talk about it.
'Well, let's not,' hastened to say to Daria Alexandrovna, noting the expression of suffering on Anna's face. 'I can only see that you are looking too dark.
Not at all.
I'm very fun and happy.
You saw, je fais des pasions.
Veslovsky...
'Yes, to tell the truth, I did not like the tone of Veslovsky,' said Daria Alexandrovna, wanting to change the conversation.
'Ah, not at all!
It tickles Alexei and nothing else; but he is a boy and all in my hands; you know, I run him as I please.
He's like your Grisha...
Dolly! 'She suddenly changed her speech,' you say, 'I am looking darkly.' You can't understand.
It's too horrible.
I try not to look at it at all.
'But I think I should.'
We have to do everything we can.
'But what can I do?'
Nothing.
You're saying to marry Alexei and that I don't think about it.
I don't think about it!! 'She repeated, and the paint appeared on her face.
She stood up, straightened her chest, sighed heavily, and walked her light walk back and forth in the room, occasionally stopping. 'I don't think so?
No day, no hour, no matter what I think or blame myself for what I think... because thinking about it can drive me crazy.
'It's insane,' she repeated. 'When I think about it, I don't fall asleep without morphine.
But good.
Let's talk calmly.
I'm told -- divorce.
First of all, he won't give it to me.
He is now under the influence of Countess Lydia Ivanovna.
Daria Alexandrovna, when she reached out on the chair, followed her head with a painful and sympathetic face, turning her head, following Anna who walked.
'We have to try,' she said quietly.
'Let's try.
What does that mean? 'She said, obviously, a thought a thousand times rethinked and memorized.' 'It means that I, who hates him, but yet pleads guilty to him,' and I think he is generous, 'I shall be humiliated to write to him...
Well, let's put it down, I'll make an effort, I'll do it.
Either I get an offensive answer or I get a consent.
Okay, I got the consent...' Anna was in the back of the room at the time, and she stopped there doing something about the curtain window.
I'm gonna get the consent, and the sa... son?
They won't give it to me.
'Cause he's gonna grow up despiseing me, with the father I left behind.
You understand what I love -- I think it's equal, but both of them are bigger than themselves, two creatures -- Serezha and Alexei.
She went out to the middle of the room and stopped in front of Dolly, holding her breasts.
In the white foam, her figure seemed particularly large and wide.
She leaned over her head and looked on her back with shining wet eyes on a small, skinny and pathetic shirt and a nightcap that shivered from Dolly's excitement.
'Only these two creatures I love, and one rule out the other.
I can't connect them, and that's one thing I need.
And if it doesn't, it doesn't matter. Whatever.
And it's gonna end somehow, and that's why I can't, I don't like talking about it.
So don't blame me, don't judge me about anything.
You can't understand with your purity all the things I suffer.
She came and sat next to Dolly and, looking at her face with a guilty look, took her hand.
'What do you think?
What do you think of me?
Don't despise me.
I don't deserve contempt.
I'm not happy.
If anyone is unhappy, it is me,' she said, and when she turned her back, she cried.
Left alone, Dolly prayed to God and went to bed.
She felt sorry for Anna while she was talking to her; but now she couldn't make herself think of her.
The memories of the house and the children with a special, new beauty to her, in some new radiance, appeared in her imagination.
This world of hers now seemed so precious and sweet that she never wanted to spend another day outside of it and decided that tomorrow would definitely leave.
In the meantime, when Anna returned to her office, she took a drink and injected it with a few drops of medicine, in which morphine was an important part, and after having drank and sat still for some time, she went to the bedroom with a calm and happy spirit.
When she entered the bedroom, Wronsky carefully looked at her.
He was looking for traces of that conversation he knew she, staying in Dolly's room for so long, should have had with her.
But in her expression, excitedly held and hidden, he found nothing but his usual, yet still enslaving his beauty, her consciousness, and the desire for her to act on him.
He didn't want to ask her what they were saying, but he was hoping she'd say something herself.
But all she said was,
'I'm glad you liked Dolly.
Isn't that right?
'I've known her a long time.
She's very kind, I think, mais expressivement terre-a-terre.
But I was really happy with her.
He took Anna's hand and looked her in the eye.
She's got that look on her face. I smiled at him.
On the other morning, despite the begging of the masters, Daria Alexandrovna was about to leave.
Levin's drawer, in his not-new kaftan and semi-Ishma's hat, on his various horses, in a stroller with its wings paid, smoldering and determinedly moved into a covered, sandy approach.
Farewell to Princess Barbara, with men, was unpleasant to Daria Alexandrovna.
After a day, she and the owners felt clearly that they did not fit together and that it was better for them not to come together.
One Anna was sad.
She knew that now that Dolly was gone, no one would ever bother her with the feelings she felt when she was dating.
Worrying about her feelings was painful, but she knew that it was the best part of her soul and that that part of her soul quickly grew up in the life she had led.
On her way to the field, Daria Alexandrovna had a pleasant feeling of relief, and she wanted to ask the people how they liked the way they were doing, and suddenly Philip's coach said:
'The rich are rich, and the oats only took three measures.'
The roosters have been cleaned up.
Well, what's three measures? I'm just gonna get something to eat.
There's an oatmeal in front of the janitors today. Forty-five bucks.
We must have as much food as they give us.
'Spendable barn,' confirmed the clerk.
'Well, did you like their horses? 'I asked Dolly.'
'Horses are one word.'
And the food is good.
And so it seemed boring to me, Daria Alexandrovna, I don't know how you are,' he said, turning his beautiful and kind face towards her.
'And so do I.
Well, shall we get there by tonight?
'We have to get there.'
When she returned home and found all of them perfectly happy and especially nice, she spoke with great excitement about her journey, about how well she was received, about the luxury and good taste of the life of Deuteronomy, about their joys, and did not give anyone a word to speak against them.
'I need to know Anna and Wronsky,' I recognized him more now, 'to understand how sweet and touching they are,' she said quite frankly, forgetting the undefined sense of displeasure and awkwardness she felt there.
While in the same circumstances, they did not take any measures to divorce, they lived all summer and part of the autumn in the village.
It was decided between them that they would not go; but both felt that they were living alone, especially in the autumn and without guests, that they would not survive this life, and that they would have to change it.
Life seemed to be the kind of thing you couldn't wish for: full of wealth, health, a child, and both had classes.
Anna did the same without the guests and did a lot of reading -- and novels and serious books that were fashionable.
She wrote all the books mentioned with praise in the foreign newspapers and magazines she received, and with care for what she read, which is only in solitude, she read them.
In addition, she studied all the subjects she had studied in books and special magazines, so he often addressed her directly with agronomic, architectural, even sometimes connoisseur and athlete issues.
He marvelled at her knowledge and memory, and at first, doubting, he sought confirmation; and she found in the books what he asked and showed him.
The hospital's device also occupied her.
Not only did she help, but she did a lot and she made it up.
But the main concern of her was she herself -- she herself, how much she cares about Wronski, how much she can replace everything he left for him.
He appreciated this, made the only goal of her life, not only to please but to serve him, but also to bear with the love networks that she tried to confuse him with.
The more time went by, the more he saw himself wrapped up in these networks, the more he wanted not to leave them, but to try to see if they interfered with his freedom.
If it weren't for all the growing desire to be free, not to have a scene every time he had to go to the city for a convention, to run, Wronsky would be quite happy with his life.
Not only did he enjoy the role he had chosen, the role of the rich landowner, which should be the core of Russian aristocracy, but now, after six months of life, he enjoyed him increasingly.
And his business was taking on more and more and bringing him in, and it was going great.
Despite the enormous amount of money that the hospital had cost him, the cars that had been cut out of Switzerland were cows and so on, he was convinced that he had increased his fortune, not upset him.
Where it came to income, the sale of forests, bread, wool, the return of land, he was as strong as a cream, and he was able to bear the price.
In large-scale business and in this and other properties, he kept the simplest, unrisked moves and was extremely careful and calculated for household minorities.
Despite all the craftsmanship and craftsmanship of the German, who lured him into buying and making every calculation that was needed at first much more, it was possible to do the same and cheaper, and to benefit immediately, he did not yield to it.
He listened to the manager, questioned him, and agreed with him only when the discharge or arrangement was the newest, yet unknown in Russia, could provoke surprise.
In addition, he decided to spend a great deal of money only when there was extra money, and in doing so, he went to every detail and insisted on having the best for his money.
So by the way he handled things, it was clear that he had increased his fortune, not upset him.
In October, there were noble elections in Kashin Province, where there were the estates of Vronsky, Sviyazh, Koznyshev, Oblon, and a small part of Levin.
These elections, for many reasons and by those who participated in them, drew public attention.
They've been talked about a lot, and they've been prepared for them.
The Moscow, Petrenburg and overseas residents, who had never been elected, had moved to those elections.
Vronsky has long promised Sviyazhsky to take them.
Before the election, Sviyazhsky, who often visited Vozvolensky, came to pick up Vronski.
On the eve of that day, there was almost an argument between Wronski and Anna for this supposed trip.
It was the most difficult, boring time in the village in the autumn, and, preparing to fight, with a strict and cold expression, as he had never spoken to Anna before, announced his departure.
But to his surprise, Anna accepted the news very calmly and asked only when he would return.
He looked at her carefully, not realizing this calm.
She smiled at him.
He knew her ability to walk away and knew that it only happened when she decided to do something about herself without telling him her plans.
He was afraid of it; but he so wanted to avoid the scene that he had pretended and partly sincerely believed what he wanted to believe -- her wisdom.
'I hope you won't miss me?
'I hope so,' said Anna. 'I got a box of books from Gautier yesterday.
No, I won't miss you.
"She wants to take that tone, and all the better," he thought, "it's all the same."
And without calling her to an honest explanation, he left for the election.
It was the first time they started to connect that he broke up with her without explaining himself.
On the one hand, it bothered him, on the other hand, he found it better.
"At first, it'll be like now, something unclear, hidden, and then she'll get used to it.
Anyway, I can give everything to her, but not my male independence," he thought.
Levin moved to Moscow in September to give birth to Kitty.
He had already lived without a job for a month in Moscow, when Sergei Ivanovic, who had a name in Kashin province and had taken a great part in the upcoming elections, was about to go to the elections.
He called with him and his brother, who had a ball in the village of Celesniev.
In addition, Levin had an extremely important custody and ransom case for his sister living abroad in Kashin.
Levin was still indecisive, but Kitty, who saw that he was bored in Moscow and advised him to go, ordered him, in addition to him, a noble uniform worth eighty rubles.
And these eighty rubles paid for the uniform were the main reason Levin was to go.
He went to Kashin.
Levin had been in Kashin for the sixth day, visiting a congregation every day and clapping about his sister's case, which was not going well.
The leaders were all engaged in elections, and the very simple case that depended on guardianship could not be achieved.
Another case -- money -- also encountered obstacles.
After a long struggle to lift the ban, the money was ready for extradition; but the notary, who was the best man, could not issue the bill because he needed the Chairman &apos; s signature, and the chairman, having failed to take office, was at the session.
All this trouble, walking from place to place, talking to very kind, good people who understand the trouble of the applicant &apos; s position, but who cannot help him -- all this tension, which does not produce any results, has produced a painful feeling in Levin, similar to the annoying powerlessness that you experience in your sleep when you want to use physical force.
He experienced it often by talking to his most kind -hearted attorney.
He seemed to have done all he could and worked hard to get Levin out of trouble.
"Here's what you should try," he said many times, "Go there and there," and the attorney made a whole plan to avoid the fatal beginnings that interfered with everything.
But he immediately added, "You're gonna be delayed, but try it."
Levin tried, walked, drove.
Everyone was kind and kind, but it turned out that the side-by-side grew again at the end of the road and again blocked the way.
It was particularly unfortunate that Levin could not understand in any way who he was fighting, who would benefit from the fact that his case did not end.
No one seemed to know that, nor did the attorney.
If Levin could understand how he understood why he could not approach the register on the railway without being in a row, he would not be offended or displeased; but in the obstacles he had encountered in the case, no one could explain to him why they existed.
But Levin had changed a lot since his marriage; he had been patient, and if he did not understand what it was for, he said to himself that, without knowing everything, he could not judge what was probably so necessary, and tried not to resent.
Now, while attending and participating in the elections, he also tried not to condemn, debate, but to understand the seriousness and passion with which he had been dealt with by honest and good people who respected him.
Since his marriage, Levin has discovered so many new, serious parties, previously in a careless attitude that seemed to be insignificant, that he had anticipated and sought serious significance in the election process.
Koznyshev explained to him the meaning and significance of the electoral coup.
The Guberian leader, who was legally holding so many important public affairs -- and guardianship (the very ones from whom Levin was suffering) and noble sums, and gymnasiums of women, men and military, and people &apos; s education on the new situation, but finally on the ground -- was a man of the old noble warehouse, who lived a great fortune, a kind man of his kind, who was completely unaware of the needs of the new time.
He has always held the side of the nobles, directly opposed the spread of popular education, and made the earth, which should have such a great significance, poignant character.
It was necessary to put a fresh, modern, productive man in his place, a whole new man, and to conduct the business in such a way as to extract from all gifts to the nobles, not as nobles, but as an element of the earth, the rights of the benefits of self-government that could be derived.
In the rich Kashin Province, which has always gone all the way in front of others, there is now such strength that the case brought here could serve as a model for other worlds, for Russia as a whole.
And that's why the whole thing was important.
The leader of Snetkov's place was either Sviyazhski or, better yet, Nevedovsky, a former professor, a wonderfully intelligent man and a great friend, Sergei Ivanovich.
The meeting was opened by the Governor, who spoke to the nobles so that they would not choose officials on their own behalf, but on merit and for the sake of the fatherland, and that he hoped that the Kachin noble noblery, as in the previous elections, would perform his duty in a sacred manner and live up to the high trust of the monarch.
At the end of the speech, the governor went out of the hall, and the nobles were noisy and lively, some even excitedly followed him and surrounded him while he was wearing a coat and talking friendlyly to the governor of the Republic.
Levin, who wanted to understand everything and not miss anything, stood right in the crowd and heard the governor say, "Please tell Maria Ivanovna that the wife is very sorry that she's going to the shelter."
And then the nobles took out the fur coats funny, and everyone went to the cathedral.
In the Cathedral, Levin, along with others, raised his hand and repeated the words of the protopopus, vowed by the most terrible oaths to carry out all that the Governor had hoped for.
The church service always had an influence on Levin, and when he said the words "a whole cross" and looked back at the crowd of these young and old people who repeated the same thing, he felt touched.
On the second and third day there were cases concerning the amounts of the nobles and the women &apos; s gymnasium, which, as Sergei Ivanov explained, were of no importance, and Levin, busy in his business, did not follow them.
On the fourth day, there was a round-up at the Paris table. This was the first time that a new party clashed with the old one.
The commission charged with believing the sums reported to the assembly that the sums were all intact.
The Guberian leader stood up, thanks to the nobles, and he cried.
The nobles greeted him loudly, and touched his hand.
At that time, however, a nobleman from the Sergei Ivanovic party said that he had heard that the commission did not believe the amounts, considering the verification to be an insult to the governor of the Republic.
One of the members of the commission had not carefully confirmed that fact.
Then one small, very young man in appearance, but a very poisonous gentleman began to say that the governor of the Republic would probably be pleased to report the amounts and that the over-sensitiveness of the members of the commission deprived him of that moral satisfaction.
At that time, the members of the commission retracted their statement, and Sergei Ivanovic began to logically prove whether or not they believed or did not believe, and developed this dilemma in detail.
Sergei Ivanovic objected to the anti-party talker.
Then Sviyazhsky spoke, and again the poisoned master.
The debate went on for a long time and it didn't end.
Levin was surprised that this had been disputed for so long, especially because when he asked Sergei Ivanovich if he assumed that the sums had been spent, Sergei Ivanovic replied:
He's an honest man. But this old-fashioned family administration of noble affairs had to be shaken.
The fifth day was the election of county leaders.
It's been quite a rough day in some counties. In Selezenev County, Sviyazhsky was elected without a unanimous vote, and he had lunch on that day.
On the sixth day, the provincial elections were scheduled.
The halls, large and small, were filled with nobles in various uniforms.
A lot of people have only come to this day.
Long-standing acquaintances who came from Crimea, who came from Petersburg, who came from abroad, met in the halls.
There was a debate at the Paris table, under the portrait of the king.
The nobles and in the large and small hall were banding in camps, and, out of hostility and mistrust, the silenced talk on the approach of strangers, the fact that some, whispering, even in the distant corridor, showed that each side had secrets from the other.
By appearance, the nobles were sharply divided into two classes: old and new.
The old were more part or part of the noble old shackled uniforms, with swords and hats, or in their special, naval, cavalry, infantry, well - served uniforms.
The Mundires of the old nobles were made old-fashioned, with buffoons on their shoulders; they were obviously small, short in their waist and narrow, as if their bearers had grown out of them.
The young men were in the nobles &apos; undressed uniforms, with low waist and wide in their shoulders, with white vests, or with black collars and laurels, sewing the Ministry of Justice.
The young belonged to court-martials, some of which decorated the crowd.
But the division between young and old did not coincide with the division of parties.
Some of the young men, Levin observed, belonged to the old party, and some, on the contrary, the oldest nobles whispered with Sviyazhsky and were apparently hot supporters of the new party.
Levin stood in a small room, where he was smoked and eaten, by his group, listening to what he had said, and trying in vain his mental powers to understand what had been said.
Koznyshev was a center near which others were banding together.
He now listened to Sviyazhsky and Clustov, the leader of another county belonging to their party.
Chlustov did not agree to go with his village to ask Snetkov to run, and Sviyazhsky urged him to do so, and Sergei Ivanovic approved the plan.
Levin did not understand why the hostile party was asking the leader they wanted to run for office.
Stepan Arkadić, who had just eaten and had a drink, rubbing a fragranced bastard with a handkerchief on his mouth, approached them in his Chamberlain uniform.
'We are in position,' he said, running both the buckenbards, 'Hangeri Ivanovich!'
And when he listened to the conversation, he confirmed Sviyazhsky's opinion.
'Enough of a village, and Sviyazhsky is apparently the opposition,' he said to everyone except Levin, understandable words.
'What, Kostya, and you must have tasted it? 'He added, turning to Levin, and took him under his arm.'
Levin would have been happy to have tasted it, but he could not understand what was going on, and when he had gone a few steps away from those who spoke, he expressed his perplexity to Stepan Arkadyich, why he had asked the governor of the Republic.
'O santa simplicitas! 'Stepan Arkadić said, and gave Levin a brief and clear explanation of the matter.'
If, as in the last election, all the counties had asked the head of the Republic, he would have been elected by all the whites.
That wasn't necessary.
Now, eight counties agree to ask; if two refuse to ask, Snetkov may refuse to run. And then the old party can choose the other one from among its own, because the whole calculation will be lost.
But unless one of Sviyazhsky's villages asks, Snetkov will run.
He's even gonna be picked and deliberately transferred, so the opposing party's gonna lose count, and when they get a candidate out of ours, they're gonna transfer him.
Levin understood, but not quite, and wanted to ask a few more questions when all of a sudden everyone spoke, stitched up, and moved into the big room. 'What is it? What? Who? 'Confidence?' Who? What? 'Do they deny it?' 'Trust is not. 'Flerov is not allowed. Well, what's on trial? 'They won't let anyone in. That's mean. 'The Law! 'Heared Levin from different sides and, along with all those who were in a hurry to miss something, headed for the great hall, and, close to the nobles, approached the table of the Obber, where something had been wrangled by the head of the Republic, Sviyazhsky and other conodors.
Levin stood quite far away.
It was hard, with the snoring of one nobleman who breathed beneath him, and the other, who squeaked with thick soles, prevented him from hearing clearly.
From afar he heard only the soft voice of the leader, then the squealing voice of the poisonous nobleman, and then the voice of Sviyazhsky.
They argued, as far as he could understand, about the meaning of the article of the law and the meaning of the words: the person under investigation.
The crowd gave up to give way to Sergei Ivanovich, who was approaching the table.
Koznyshev, while awaiting the end of the speech of the poisonous nobleman, said that he felt that the most appropriate way to deal with the article of the law would be to ask the secretary to find the article.
The article stated that in case of disagreement, a vote must be taken.
Koznyshev read the article and began to explain its meaning, but there was one tall, thick, slutty, with a beautiful mustache, in a narrow uniform with a collar behind his neck, which had a collar on him.
He went up to the table and hit him with a ring and screamed:
'Plotting!
To the balls!
There's nothing to talk about!
To the balls!
A few voices suddenly spoke, and a tall nobleman with a ring, more and more angry, screaming louder and louder. But you couldn't tell what he was saying.
He said what Koznyshev had proposed; but apparently he hated him and his entire party, and that feeling of hatred came to the attention of the entire party and provoked a similar, though more decent, reaction on the other side.
There were screams, and for a minute everything was mixed up, so the governor of the country had to ask for order.
'To run, to run!
He who is noble understands.
We're spilling blood...
The Monarch's trust...
Not counting the leader, he's not the boss...
It's not that.
Let me see the balls!
Gross! 'We heard angry, violent screams from all sides.
The eyes and faces were even more angry and violent.
They expressed intransigent hatred.
Levin was completely unaware of what was going on, and was surprised at the passion with which he was dealing with whether or not to vote on Flerov.
He forgot, as Koznyshev later explained to him, the sillogism that it was necessary for the common good to overthrow the leader of the Republic; that most balls were needed to overthrow the leader; that for most balls, it was necessary to give Flerov the right to vote; and that for Flerov to be recognized as capable, it was necessary to explain how the article of the law was understood.
'And one vote can solve the case, and one must be serious and consistent if you want to serve a public cause,' Koznyshev concluded.
But Levin forgot this, and it was hard for him to see these esteemed, good people in such an unpleasant, evil urge.
To get rid of that heavy feeling, he went to a room where there was no one but the lacquers near the buffet without waiting for the end of the debate.
When Levin saw the busy footmen over the washing of the dishes and the setting of the plates and drinks, and saw their calm, lively faces, he felt a sudden sense of relief, just as he had come out of the dark room to clean air.
He began to walk back and forth, looking at the footmen with pleasure.
He really liked the way one footman with a gray buckenbard showed contempt for others, the young ones who were teasing him, teaching them how to fold napkins.
Levin was just about to enter into a conversation with an old footman as a secretary of noble custody, an old man with a specialty to know all the nobles of the county by name and patronymic, entertained him.
'Please, Konstantin Dmitrich,' he said to him, 'the brother is looking for you.
An opinion is being cast.
Levin entered the hall, received a white balloon, and followed by his brother, Sergei Ivanovich, to the table, which had a significant and ironic face, gathering a beard into the fist and sniffing it, Sviyazhsky.
Koznyshev put his hand in the box, put his ball somewhere, and, giving Levin a seat, stopped right away.
Levin approached, but completely forgot what was going on, and embarrassedly asked Sergei Ivanovich, "Where to put?"
He asked quietly while they were talking nearby, so he hoped he wouldn't hear his question.
But those who spoke were silent, and his indecent question was answered.
Sergei Ivanovic frowned.
'It is a matter of everyone's conviction,' he said strictly.
Some of them smiled.
Levin blushed, rushed under his hand, and put it on the right, for the ball was in his right hand.
Put it down, he remembered. I thought I should have put my left hand in, and I put it in, but it's too late, and I got even more confused, and I got back in the back.
'One hundred and twenty-six ballots!
Ninety-eight non-selective! there was a non-speakable letter r the voice of the secretary.
Then I heard a laugh: the button and two nuts were found in the drawer.
The noble was allowed, and the new party won.
But the old party didn't think it was a loser.
Levin heard that Snetkova was being asked to run, and saw that a crowd of nobles surrounded the governor of the Republic who said something.
Levin came closer.
In reply to the nobles, Snetkov spoke of the trust of the nobles, of his love, which he was not worthy of, for all his credit lies in his devotion to the nobles, to whom he devoted twelve years of service.
On several occasions, he repeated the words: "I have served all my strength, faith and truth, and I appreciate and thank you", and suddenly he stopped from the tears that choked him and came out of the hall.
Whether these tears came from the awareness of injustice toward him, from the love of nobility, or from the tension of the position he was in when he felt surrounded by enemies, but the excitement was reported, most of the nobles were touched, and Levin felt tender to Snetkov.
In the doorway, the head of the country ran into Levin.
'I'm sorry, I'm sorry,' he said as a stranger; but when he heard Levin, he smiled shyly.
Levin thought he was going to say something, but he couldn't get excited.
The expression of his face and of all the figures in his uniform, crosses, and whites with galuns of pantalons, as he was walking in haste, reminded Levin of the grassy beast, who saw that his cause was bad.
This expression, in the face of the leader, was particularly touching to Levin, because yesterday he was the only one in the custody business in his home and saw him in all the greatness of a good and family man.
A large house with old family furniture; no stingy, filthy, but respectful old lacquers, apparently also of the old serfs, who did not change the master; a fat, good-natured wife in a hat with laces and a Turkish slag, who caressed a pretty granddaughter, daughter of a daughter; a young son, a sixth-class gymnast, who came from a gymnasium and said good-bye to his father, kissing his big hand; impressive words of affection and gestures of the master -- all of which in Levin yesterday generated involuntari respect and compassion.
Levin was touched and pathetic by this old man now, and he wanted to say something nice to him.
'You must be our leader again,' he said.
'It is unlikely,' said the leader, looking scaredly back. 'I'm tired, I'm old.
Eat better and younger than me, let them serve.
And the leader went into the side door.
It's the most solemn moment ever.
Right away, we had to start the election.
The camouflage of both parties was calculated by white and black.
The debate about Flerov gave the new party not only one ball of Flerov, but also a time gain, so three nobles could have been brought in by the old party's wits who were unable to participate in the elections.
The two nobles, who were weak to blame, were drunk with Snetkov's slanders, and the third one had their uniforms taken away.
After learning about this, the new party was able to send a nobleman to the train driver during the Flerov debate and bring one out of the two drunken ones to the congregation.
'He brought one, poured water,' said the man who followed him, approaching Sviyazhsky. 'Nothing, that's fine.
'Not very drunk, will it not fall?' 'Pushing his head,' said Sviyazhsky.
'No, good for you.
Just don't get drunk in here.
I told the buffet to keep it out of sight.
The narrow room in which they smoked and ate was full of nobles.
There was an increase in anxiety, and there was a marked anxiety on all faces.
In particular, cones that know all the details and accounts of all the balls were very worried.
They were the masters of the upcoming battle.
The rest, though preparing for battle, were looking for entertainment for the time being.
Some were eating, standing, or sitting on a table; others were walking around smoking papyros, back and forth in a long room, and talking to long - seen pals.
Levin didn't want to eat, he didn't want to smoke; he didn't want to associate with his people, that is, Sergei Ivanovic, Stepan Arkadić, Sviyazhsky, and others, because with them he was standing with them in a lively conversation in a Stalmeister uniform.
Just yesterday, Levin saw him in the election and tried hard not to want to meet him.
He went up to the window and sat down, looking around the groups and listening to what was said around him.
He was sad, especially because everyone he saw was alive, concerned and busy, and he was alone with an old, toothless old man in a Navy uniform, hamstringing his lips around him, uninterested and unworked.
'This is such a mess!
I told him no.
Oh, my God!
He couldn't gather at the age of three,' said the slutty little shrug with the hair on the embroidered collar of his uniform, knocking with strong heels of new, apparently for the election of his boots.
And the landowner, with his disgruntled glance at Levin, turned awful.
'Yes, it is an unclean matter to say,' said the little landowner with a thin voice.
Following these whole crowd of dumplings surrounding the fat general, they came rushing to Levin.
They were obviously looking for places to talk so they wouldn't be heard.
'How dare he say I told him to steal his pants!
He drank them, I think.
I don't care about him and his princess.
Don't you dare talk, it's a pig!
'Oh, let me do it!
They are based on the article,' said another group, 'The wife must be recorded by a noble woman.
'The hell with the article!
I'm talking to you.
The noble nobles.
Have confidence.
'Your Excellency, let's go, fine champagne.
Another crowd followed after something loudly screaming a nobleman: it was one of the three drunks.
'I have always advised Mary Semenovna to lease because she will not profit,' said the landowner with the gray moustache, in the regiment of the old General Staff, with a pleasant voice.
It was the same landowner that Levin met at Sviyazhsky's.
He recognized him immediately.
The landowner also looked at Levin, and they said hello.
'Nice to meet you.
Oh, my God! I remember very well.
Last year, Nikolai Ivanovich, the leader.
'Well, how's your farm going? 'I asked Levin.'
'All the same, at a loss,' said the landowner, with a humble smile, but with an expression of calm and conviction that it was the right thing to do, stopping by. 'How did you end up in our province?' 'He asked.' 'Are you here to participate in our team d'etat?' 'He said, firmly but ill speaking French words.' 'The whole of Russia has moved together: both the Chamberlains and almost the ministers. 'He pointed to the representative figure of Stepan Arkadiyić in the white pantalons and the Chamberlain's uniform walking with the General.
'I must confess to you that I do not understand the meaning of the noble elections very well,' said Levin.
The lander looked at him.
'What is there to understand?'
There's no value.
A fallen institution that continues to move only in the power of inertia.
Look, uniforms -- and these say to you, this is a gathering of justices of the peace, non-members, and so on, not nobles.
'So why do you drive?' 'I asked Levin.'
'By habit, one.
Then we need to maintain contact.
Moral duty in some ways.
And then, to tell you the truth, there's an interest.
The son-in-law wants to run for non-precious members; they're not rich people, and we need to see him.
Why do these gentlemen drive? 'He said, pointing to the poisoned master who spoke at the table of the Republic.'
'This is a new generation of nobility.
'It's new. But not the nobles.
It's the land owners, and we're the landholders.
They're like nobles putting their hands on themselves.
'Cause you're saying it's an out-of-date institution.
'Old is old, and everyone should be treated with respect.
At least Snetkov...
We're good, aren't we, we grew up a thousand years ago?
You know, you're gonna have to start a garden in front of the house, plan, and you're growing a hundred-year-old tree in this place-- it's brown and old, and you're all gonna have to keep the old man from cutting down for flowers, and you're gonna plan to use the tree.
He said carefully and immediately changed the conversation. 'Well, what about your farm?
'No, it's not.
Five percent.
'Yes, but you don't think you are.
You're worth something, too, aren't you?
I'll tell you what I'm talking about.
I was on duty for 3,000 until I was in charge.
Now I work more than I do in the service, and just like you, I get five percent, and God forbid.
Your work is for nothing.
'So why are you doing this?' If it's a direct loss?
'You are doing it!
What do you want?
It's a habit, and you know it.
I will tell you more, &quot; Reclining on the window and talking, the landowner continued, &quot; the son has no hunting for the house.
Obviously, there will be a scientist. So there's no one else to go on.
You do everything. Now the garden has been planted.
'Yes, yes,' said Levin, 'it is quite fair.
I always feel like there's no real settlement in my farm, but you do...
There's some responsibility to the ground.
'Let me tell you something,' continued the landowner. 'The neighbor of the merchant was with me. We went through the housekeeping, the garden.
"No, he says, Stepan Vasilić, you're doing fine, but you're having a garden."
He's okay with me. "To my mind, I'd chop that lime off.
Just the juice. 'Cause there's a thousand of them, and there's gonna be two good meadows out of every one of them.
And today, the meadows are priced, and the strubs are gonna be sliced."
'And with that money, he would buy livestock or buy a landr for a price, and he would give the men their money,' said Levin with a smile, who apparently had experienced similar calculations many times before. 'And he will make himself a fortune.'
And you and I -- God forbid we keep our children.
'You're married, did I hear? 'The landowner said.'
'Yes,' answered Levin proudly. 'Yes, it is strange,' he continued. 'So we live without reckoning, and we live, as if we were ancient bastards, to keep a fire of some kind.'
The lander laughed under the white mustache.
'There is also one of us, if only our friend Nikolai Ivanovich, or now the Count of Vronski, had settled, they want the industry to lead agronomics; but it still does not lead to anything except capital to kill.'
'But why aren't we doing it like a merchant?'
Can't we cut down the garden on the meadows? 'Returning to what struck him,' said Levin.
'Here's what you said, fire to purify.
It's not a noble matter.
And our noble work isn't done here in the election, it's done there in its corner.
There's also a sacrosanct instinct that should or shouldn't be.
Here's the guys, I'll look at them another time, like a good man, so much land to hire as much as he can.
No matter how bad the earth is, it's all working.
I don't think so, either. It's a direct loss.
'So are we,' said Levin. 'It was very, very nice to meet you,' he added when he saw Sviyazhsky approaching him.
'And we met the first time after you,' said the landowner, 'and we talked.
'Well, have you won a new order?' 'Swiyazhsky said with a smile.
'Not without it.
'The soul was taken away.'
Sviyazhsky took him under Levin's hand, and went with him to his own.
Now I couldn't get past Wronsky.
He stood with Stepan Arkadyić and Sergei Ivanovich and looked directly at Levin's approach.
'It's a pleasure.
I think I had the pleasure of meeting... Princess Scherbatsky,' he said, giving his hand to Levin.
'Yes, I remember very much our meeting,' said Levin, and, blushing red, immediately turned away and spoke to his brother.
When he smiled a little, he continued to speak to Sviyazhsky, apparently without any desire to speak to Levin; but Levin, speaking to his brother, looked constantly back at him, inventing what to speak to him to make up for his rudeness.
'What's the deal now? 'I asked Levin, looking back at Sviyazh and Wronsky.'
'To Snetkov.
We need him to refuse or agree,' replied Sviyazhsky...
'What's he gonna do, yes or no?
'That's the point, none at all,' said Vronsky.
'And if he refuses, who will run?' 'I asked Levin, looking at Vronsky.'
'Who will,' said Sviyazhsky.
'Will you have it?' 'I asked Levin.'
'Not me,' said Sviyazhsky, confounded and cast a frightened look at the poison master standing next to Sergei Ivanovic.
'Who is it?'
Nevedovsky? 'Said Levin, feeling he was confused.'
But it was worse.
Nevedovsky and Sviyazhsky had two candidates.
'In no way did I,' answered the poisonous master.
It was Nevedovsky himself.
Sviyazhsky introduced Levin to him.
'What, and you were taken for living?' 'Stepan Arkadić said, winking at Vronsky.' 'It's like a race.
You can bet.
'Yes, it takes away the living,' he said. 'And now that I've taken the case, I want to do it.'
Fight! 'He said, frowning and squeezing his strong cheekbones.'
'What a Sviyazhsky businessman!
It's so clear to him.
'Oh, yes,' said Wronsky scatteredly.
There was a silence during which he looked at Levin, his feet, his uniform, and then his face, and when he noticed the dark, self-directed eyes to say something, he said,
'What do you mean, you're a permanent villager and not a justice of the peace?'
You're not in the uniform of a justice of the peace.
'Because I believe that the justice of the peace is a stupid institution,' answered Levin in a grim way, who was always waiting to talk to Vronski in order to make up for his rudeness at the first meeting.
'I don't think so, on the contrary,' said Wronsky with calm surprise.
'This is a toy,' interrupted Levin. 'We do not need justices of the peace.
I didn't have a case when I was eight. And as for what he had, it was decided that it was a turn of events.
The Justice of the Peace from me is in my 40s.
I have a case to file in two rubles, send a solicitor who's worth fifteen.
And he told me how the man stole flour from the miller, and when the miller told him that, the man sued in slander.
It was all inconvenient and stupid, and Levin, while he said, felt it himself.
'Oh, it is such an original!' said Stepan Arkadych with his own almond smile. 'Let's go, though; I think they're running...'
And they broke up.
'I do not understand,' said Koznyshev, who noticed his brother's awkward act, 'I do not understand how one can be so devoid of any political tact.
That's what we Russians don't have.
The Huber leader is our opponent, you're with him, and you're asking him to run.
And the Count of Vronsky... I will not make a friend out of him: he called for dinner, I will not go to him: but he is ours, why make him an enemy?
Then you ask Nevedovsky if he'll run.
It's not done.
'Oh, I don't understand anything!
And all this was nothing,' Levin answered with sadness.
'You're saying it's nothing, but you're gonna get it all mixed up.'
Levin shut up, and they entered the big room together.
The Huber leader, despite the way he felt in the air the catch he was making, and despite not everyone asking him, decided to run.
Everything in the room is quiet, and the secretary has announced loudly that he is running for president of the Guarantor's company, Michael Stepanovich Snetkov.
The county leaders came in with bowls of balls, from their desks to the town hall, and the elections began.
'Put it right,' whispered Stepan Arkadych Levin when he and his brother followed the leader to the table.
But Levin now forgot the account that had been explained to him, and feared whether Stepan Arkadić had mistakenly said "right."
Snetkov was the enemy.
As he approached the drawer, he held the ball in his right, but when he thought he was wrong, he put the ball in his left hand in front of the drawer and apparently then put it on the left.
A case worker standing at the drawer, one elbow, finding out who was going to put it, was pissed off.
He had nothing to exercise his insight.
Everything's quiet, and I can hear the score of the balls.
Then a single vote proclaimed the number of voters and non-selectives.
The leader was chosen by a large majority.
Everything turned upside down and rushed to the door.
Snetkov came in, and the nobles surrounded him, congratulating him.
'Well, is it over now? 'I asked Levin of Sergei Ivanovich.'
'It is only beginning,' said Koznyshev Sviyazhsky, smiling. 'The candidate of the leader can get more balls.
Levin completely forgot about it again.
He only remembered now that there was some subtlety, but he was bored of what it was about.
He was depressed and wanted to get out of this crowd.
Since no one was paying attention to him and no one seemed to want him, he slowly went to the small room where he was being eaten and felt very relieved to see the footmen again.
The old lacay offered him a meal, and Levin agreed.
After eating a cup of beans and talking to a footman about the former gentlemen, Levin refused to enter a room where he was so uncomfortable, went to go to the choirs.
The choirs were full of dressy ladies who overstepped the railing and tried not to throw a single word out of what was said downstairs.
Around the ladies, there were elegant lawyers, gymnasium teachers wearing glasses and officers.
Everywhere there was talk of elections and how the leader was exhausted and how good the debate was; in one group Levin heard praise for his brother.
A lady said to a lawyer:
'I'm so glad I heard Koznyshev!
It's worth it to be hungry.
Beautiful!
How clear and clear it is!
There's no one in your court who says that. There's only one Madele, and he's far from being so eloquent.
When Levin found a free seat at the railing, he turned over and watched and listened.
All the nobles sat behind the partitions in their counties.
In the middle of the hall, a man stood in a uniform and said with a thin, loud voice:
'Cause he's running for the Republican Chief of the nobles, Evgenius Ivanovich Apukhtin!
There was a dead silence, and one weak old voice heard:
'I refused!
'Peter Petrovich Bol is running for office,' began the voice again.
'I refused! 'A young screaming voice was given.'
It started the same thing again, and then it turned it down again.
It's been like this for about an hour.
Levin turned his back on the railing and looked and listened.
At first, he was surprised and wanted to understand what it meant; then, after making sure that he couldn't understand it, he got bored.
Then, remembering all the excitement and anger that he had seen on all his faces, he was sad; he decided to leave, and went downstairs.
As the choir passed through the hay, he met a sad gymnast walking back and forth with his eyes swollen.
On the stairs, a couple met him: a lady running fast on her heels, and a light companion of the prosecutor's.
'I told you you wouldn't be late,' said the prosecutor, while Levin went sideways, missing the lady.
Levin was already on the exit stairwell and pulled his coat's numbers out of his pocket when the secretary caught him. 'Perhaps Konstantin Dmitrich is running.
The candidates were ran so strongly by Nevedovsky.
Levin came to the door of the hall: it was locked.
The secretary knocked, the door turned open, and two red-collars opened up against Levin.
'My urine is gone,' said one red-haired landowner.
The landowner was followed by the face of the head of the Republic.
The face was scared of exhaustion and fear.
'I told you not to let go! 'He called out to the watchman.' 'I let you in, Your Excellency!
'My Lord!' and, with a heavy sigh, the leader of the Republic, tired of sniffing in his white pants, dropping his head, went to the middle of the hall to the big table.
Nevedovsky was transferred, as planned, and he was the head of the country.
Many were happy, many were happy, many were happy, many were excited, many were unhappy, and many were unhappy.
The Huber leader was desperate he couldn't hide.
When Nevedovsky left the hall, the crowd surrounded him and followed him with enthusiasm, just as she followed the governor who opened the election on the first day, and just as she followed Snetkov when he was chosen.
The newly elected Republican leader and many of the triumphant party had new dinners that day at the Vronsky's.
He also came to the election because he was bored in the village and had to claim his rights to freedom before Anna, and in order to repay Sviyazh support for all his troubles in the earthly elections, and above all in order to perform strictly all the duties of the position of nobleman and landowner he had chosen.
But he wasn't expecting this election case to take him down so hard, so he could do it so well.
He was a completely new man among the nobles, but apparently he was successful and not mistaken, thinking that he had already gained influence among the nobles.
His influence was facilitated by: his wealth and greatness; a fine place in the city, which was given to him by an old acquaintance, Shirkov, who was in charge of financial affairs and had established a prosperous bank in Kashin; an excellent cook from the village; friendship with the governor, who was a companion and still a patron friend of the city; and, above all, a simple, level relationship, which very soon forced the majority of the nobles to change the judgement of his perceived pride.
He felt for himself that, apart from this slutty gentleman married to Kitty Scherbatsky, who a propos de bottes with a rabid grudge told him a bunch of nonsense nonsense, every nobleman he met was his supporter.
He clearly saw, and others acknowledged, that Nevedovsky's success was greatly enhanced by him.
And now at his table, celebrating Nevedovsky's choice, he felt a pleasant sense of celebration for his chosen man.
The election itself lured him so much that if he were married to the next three-year-old, he was thinking of running himself -- like, after winning the prize through the jockey, he wanted to ride himself.
Now the jockey's winnings were celebrated.
He was sitting in the head of the table, and a young governor, a Sweet General, was sitting on his right hand.
For all of us, it was the master of the Province, who solemnly opened the election, who spoke and raised and respected and slaveliness in many of the people he saw; it was Maslov Kathak, who had his nickname in the Paže Corps, who was confused in front of him, and whom he tried to mettre a son aise.
Nevedovsky sat on his left hand with his young, unshakeable and poisonous face.
With him he was simple and respectful.
Sviyazhsky was having a good time with his failure.
It was not even a failure for him, as he himself said, to turn to Nevedovsky with a glass: it was better not to find a representative of the new direction to be followed by the nobles.
So everything honest, as he said, stood on the side of today's success and celebrated it.
Stepan Arkadić was also glad that he had a fun time and that everyone was happy.
There were election episodes at a beautiful dinner.
Sviyazhski comically delivered the leader's tearful speech and noted, in his address to Nevedovsky, that his Excellency would have to choose another, more difficult than tears, to check the amounts.
Another joking nobleman told me how the lacquers were made in the stockings of the Parisian leader's ball and how they would now have to be sent back if the new governor didn't give the lacquer ball in the stockings.
During the meal, Nevedovsky was constantly approached, saying, "Our Leader of the Republic" and "Your Excellency".
This was said with the same pleasure as a young woman called "madame" and by her husband's name.
Nevedovsky pretended not only to be indifferent, but also to despise the title, but it was obvious that he was happy and holding himself to the ground, not to express a delight that was not appropriate for the new liberal environment in which everyone was living.
Several telegrams were sent at lunch to those interested in the elections.
And Stepan Arkadić, who had a lot of fun, sent a telegram like this to Daria Alexandrovna: "Nevedovsky is chosen by twelve balls.
Congratulations.
Pass it to me."
He dictated it out loud, saying, "Let's make them happy."
On the other hand, when she received the message, she sighed about the ruble by telegram and realized that it was at the end of the meal.
She knew that Steve had a weakness at the end of the dinners "faire juer le telegrape".
Everything was, along with a great lunch and wine, not from Russian wine dealers, but straight across the border, very noble, simple and fun.
A circle of 20 people was chosen by Sviyazhsky of like-minded, liberal, new personalities and together witty and decent.
Drinked toast, also half-funny, and to the new governor of the Republic, and to the governor, and to the bank director, and to "our gracious master."
Wronsky was pleased.
He never expected such a nice tone in the province.
At the end of lunch, it was even more fun.
The governor asked Wronski to go to a concert in favor of a brother who was arranged by his wife, who wanted to meet him.
'There will be a ball there, and you will see our beautiful woman.
It's really great.
'Not in my line,' replied the woman who loved the expression, but smiled and promised to come.
Just before we left the table, when everyone was smoking, Vronsky's valet came to him with a letter on the tray.
'Of Vozvolensky with an addict,' he said with a significant expression.
'It is amazing how he looks like a friend of the Sventisky prosecutor's office,' said one of the guests in French about the valet, while Wronsky, frowning, read the letter.
The letter was from Anna.
Even before he read the letter, he already knew its contents.
Presuming that the election would be over by five days, he promised to return on Friday.
Today was a Saturday, and he knew that the contents of the letter were reproached that he had not returned on time.
The letter he sent last night probably didn't come back yet.
The content was what he expected, but the form was unexpected and particularly unpleasant to him.
"Ani is very sick, the doctor says there might be inflammation.
I'm the only one losing my head.
Princess Varvar isn't an assistant, she's a liability.
I've been waiting for you for the third day, yesterday, and now I'm sending you out to find out where you are and what you are?
I wanted to go, but I thought about it, knowing it was gonna hurt you.
Give me an answer so I know what to do."
The baby was sick, and she wanted to go.
The daughter is sick, and that hostile tone.
It's the innocent fun of the election, and that dark, heavy love he was supposed to return to, it's the opposite of what it is.
But he had to go, and on the first train, on the night, he went to his place.
Before he left for the election, after considering that the scenes that were repeated between them each time he left could only cool him down, rather than tie him up, Anna decided to make every effort to handle his separation in peace.
But the cold, hard look he looked at her when he came to announce his departure, insulted her, and he had not yet left, just as her calm had already been destroyed.
Then, alone, by changing that view, which expressed the right to freedom, she came, as always, to one -- to realize her humiliation.
"He has the right to leave when and where he wants to go.
Not only to leave, but to leave me.
He has every right, I don't have any.
But knowing that, he shouldn't have done it.
But what did he do?
He looked at me with a cold, strict expression.
Of course, it is indeterminate, intangible, but it was not before, and that look means a lot,' she thought. 'This look shows that cooling is beginning.'
Although she was convinced that she was beginning to cool down, she had nothing to do with it, there was nothing to change her relationship with him.
Just as in the past, she could hold him back with love and appeal. And just like she used to, by studying during the day and morphine at night, she could muffle the scary thoughts about what would happen if he didn't love her anymore.
True, there was another means: not to hold him; for that she did not desire anything but his love; but to draw close to him, to be in a position that he might not leave her.
It was a means of divorce and marriage.
And she wanted it and decided to agree the first time he or Steve would talk to her about it.
In such thoughts she spent five days without him, the very ones he should have been absent.
Walks, conversations with Princess Barbara, visits to the hospital, and most importantly reading, reading one book after another took her time.
But on the sixth day, when she came back without him, she felt that she could no longer stop thinking about him and what he was doing there.
That's when her daughter got sick.
Anna went after her, but she was not distracted by it, especially since the disease was not dangerous.
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't love that girl, and she couldn't pretend to love her.
By the evening of that day, while remaining alone, Anna felt so scared for him that she decided to go to the city, but after thinking carefully, she wrote that controversial letter she had received, and without rereading it, she sent it with an ad hoc letter.
Another morning, she received his letter and repented of hers.
She was horrified to expect a repetition of the hard look he had given her when he left, especially when he found out that the girl had not been dangerously ill.
But she was glad she wrote to him.
Now Anna had already admitted to herself that he was having a hard time with her, that he was sad to abandon his freedom to return to her, and she was glad that he would come.
Let him be burdened, but he will be here with her so that she may see him, and know every move he makes.
She sat in the living room, under the lamp, with Tan's new book, and read, listening to the sounds of wind in the yard and waiting for the crew to arrive every minute.
Several times she thought she heard the sounds of the wheels, but she was an oshi-- she was beating; at last she heard not only the sound of the wheels, but also the screaming of the rubber and the deaf sound of the winged approach.
Even Princess Varvar, who made the palsy, confirmed it, and Anna stood up when she flashed, but instead of going down as she had walked twice before, she stopped.
All of a sudden, she was ashamed of her deception, but the worst thing was how he would accept it.
The feeling of insult had passed; she was only afraid of expressing his displeasure.
She remembered that her daughter had been very healthy for the second day.
She was even upset that she recovered just as the letter had been sent.
Then she remembered him being here with all his hands and eyes.
She heard his voice. And, forgetting everything, she ran happily toward him.
'Well, what about Annie? 'He said modestly from the bottom, looking at Anna who ran to him.'
He sat on a chair, and the footman pulled a warm boot from him.
'Nothing, she's better.
'And you? 'He said, choking.'