Whose scream was that?
He jumped up on the chicks, ran into the bedroom, beat Lizaveta Petrovna, a princess, and took his place at the head. Screaming's quiet, but something's changed now.
What -- he didn't see or understand, and he didn't want to see and understand. But he saw it in the face of Lizaveta Petrovna: the face of Lizaveta Petrovna was strict and pale and still determined, even though her jaws were slightly irritable, and her eyes were hard on Kitty.
Kitty's excruciated, tormented face, sticking to his sweaty face with a bunch of hair, was turned to him and looked for his eyes.
The raised hands asked for his hands.
With her sweaty hands, his cold hands began to hold them against her face.
'Don't go, don't go!
I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid! 'She spoke quickly. 'Mom, take the earrings.
They're bothering me.
Aren't you afraid?
Soon, soon, Lizaveta Petrovna...
She spoke quickly, quickly, and wanted to smile. But suddenly her face was distorted, she pushed him away.
'No, it's awful!
I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die!
Come on, come on!-- she screamed and heard the same scream again.
Levin grabbed his head and ran out of the room.
'Nothing, nothing, it's okay! 'I told him after Dolly.'
But whatever they said, he knew everyone was dead now.
As he leaned his head to the ceiling, he stood in the next room and heard someone who had never heard them screaming, screaming, and he knew it was screaming what was before Kitty.
He hasn't wanted a baby in a long time. He hated this kid now.
He didn't even want her life now, he only wanted to end these terrible sufferings.
'Doctor! What is it?
What is it?
Oh, my God! 'He said, grabbing the hand of an incoming doctor.'
'It's over,' said the doctor. And the doctor's face was so serious when he said that Levin realized it ended in the sense that he was dying.
Not remembering himself, he ran into the bedroom.
The first thing he saw was the face of Lizaveta Petrovna.
It was even frowned and tougher.
Kitty's faces were gone.
In the place it used to be, there was something scary about the kind of tension and the sound that came out of it.
He hit his head against the tree of the bed, feeling his heart breaking.
The awful scream didn't stop, it got even worse, and as if it had reached the last limit of horror, suddenly it was quiet.
Levin did not believe his hearing, but there was no doubt that the scream was quiet, and there was a quiet clutter, a wobbling and hasty breath, and her interrupted, living and gentle, happy voice quietly said, "It's over."
He raised his head.
She put her hands on a blanket, she was amazingly beautiful and quiet, she looked silently at him, and she wanted and couldn't smile-- she could not smile.
And suddenly, out of that mysterious and awful world in which he lived these twenty-two hours, Levin immediately felt moved to the old, ordinary world, but now shining with such a new light of happiness that he had not endured it.
All the tight strings fell off. Grieving and tears of joy, which he did not see in any way, rose up in him with such strength, shaking his whole body, which prevented him from speaking for a long time.
When he fell down on his knees in front of the bed, he held his wife's hand before his lips, and kissed her, and that hand with a weak movement of fingers answered his kisses.
In the meantime, in the legs of the bed, in the clever hands of Lizaveta Petrovna, like a light above a lamp, the life of a human being who had never existed before and who would likewise, with the same right, with the same significance to himself, live and bear the likes of himself.
'Live!
He's alive!
Oh, boy!
Don't worry! 'Heared Levin the voice of Lizaveta Petrovna, who slapped the child's back with his trembling hand.
'Mom, really? ' said Kitty's voice.
Only the princess replied to her.
And in silence, as a clear answer to the mother's question, a very different voice was heard than all those who spoke with restraint in the room.
It was a brave, bold, unintentional screaming from where the new human being came from.
Before, if Levin had been told that Kitty had died, and that he had died together with her, and that they had children of angels, and that God was here before them, he would not have been surprised; but now that he had returned to the world of reality, he had made great efforts to think that she was alive, healthy, and that his son was so desperately screaming.
Kitty was alive, the suffering is over. And he was incredibly happy.
He understood that and was quite happy about it.
But the baby?
Why, why, who is he?
He couldn't understand, he couldn't get used to the thought.
It seemed to him to be too much, too much to get used to for a long time.
At the tenth hour, the old prince, Sergei Ivanovich, and Stepan Arkadić sat at Levin's place and talked about the mother's subjects.
Levin listened to them and, involuntarily, remembering what had happened before this morning, remembered himself as he had been yesterday.
It's been a hundred years since then.
He felt at some unreachable height, from which he carefully went down to avoid hurting the people he spoke to.
He spoke and kept thinking about his wife, the details of her present state, and the son he was trying to teach himself to exist.
The whole world of women, who had acquired a new meaning for him, unknown to him after he married, has now risen so high in his notions that he could not embrace him with imagination.
He listened to the conversation about yesterday's dinner at the club and thought, "What's going on with her now, did she fall asleep?
How's she doing?
What does she think?
Is Dmitri's son screaming?"
And in the middle of the conversation, in the middle of the phrase, he jumped up and left the room.
'Come to tell me if it is possible,' said the prince.
'All right, now,' answered Levin, and went to her without stopping.
She didn't sleep, but talked to her mother quietly, making plans for future christenings.
Washed, brushed, wearing a blue hat with something on it, spouting her hands on the blanket, she lay on her back and stared at him with her eyes.
Her look, and so bright, brightened even more as he approached her.
On her face was the very change from the earth to the unearth, which is on the face of the dead; but there's goodbye, there's a meeting here.
Again, the excitement, like the one he experienced at the time of the birth, came to his heart.
She took his hand and asked if he was asleep.
He could not answer and turned his back on his weakness.
'And I forgot, Kostya! 'She told him.' 'And I feel so good now.'
She looked at him, but suddenly her expression changed.
'Give it to me,' she said, hearing the baby's voice. 'Give me, Lizaveta Petrovna, and he will see.
'Well, let Dad look,' said Lizaveta Petrovna, raising and bringing up something red, strange and fuzzy. 'Wait, we will get out of here before,' and Lizaveta Petrovna put this fuzzy and red on the bed, began to deploy and wrap the child; with one finger lifting and turning it up and putting something in it.
Levin, looking at this tiny, pathetic creature, made a futile effort to find in his soul any signs of a fatherly feeling for him.
He only felt disgusting about him.
But when he was exposed and he saw, like, exactly soft springs, Lizaveta Petrovna pressed these glazed pens into paintings, he found such pity for that creature and so much fear that he would hurt him that he would hold her hand.
Lizaveta Petrovna laughed.
'Don't be afraid, don't be afraid!
When the child was removed and turned into a solid doll, Lizaveta Petrovna pumped it, as if proud of her work, and withdrew so that Levin could see his son in all his beauty.
Kitty, keeping her eyes open, touching, looked the same way. 'Give it, give it!' she said, and even went up:
'What are you, Katerina Alexandrovna?'
Wait, I'll give it to you.
We're gonna show Daddy how good we are!
And Lizaveta Petrovna raised up to Levin on one hand (the other with the fingers of the swinging back of the head) this strange, rocking and hiding her head behind the edges of the diaper, a red creature.
But there was a nose, too, touching eyes, and squeezing lips.
'A beautiful child! 'Lizaveta Petrovna said.'
Levin sighed with sorrow.
This beautiful child only inspired him to feel disgust and pity.
It wasn't the feeling he expected.
He turned away while Lizaveta Petrovna set him up with an unusual breast.
All of a sudden, laughing made him lift his head.
Kitty laughed.
The baby's on the chest.
'That's enough, that's enough! 'Lizaveta Petrovna said, but Kitty wouldn't let him go.
He fell asleep on her hands.
'Look now,' said Kitty, turning a child towards him so that he could see him.
The old man's face suddenly groveled even more, and the baby sneezed.
When he smiled and barely held back his tears of comfort, Levin kissed his wife and left the dark room.
What he felt for this little creature wasn't what he expected.
There was nothing fun and joy in that feeling; on the contrary, it was a new painful fear.
It was a consciousness of a new area of vulnerability.
And that consciousness was so painful at first, the fear of not being hurt by this helpless creature was so strong that it caused a strange sense of meaningless joy and even the pride that he felt when the child sneezed.
The cases of Stepan Arkadiyić were in a bad position.
The money for two thirds of the forest was already in existence, and, minus ten percent, he took almost everything from the merchant for the last third.
The buyer no longer gave money, especially since, for the first time in the winter of Daria Alexandrovna, when he stated his right to his fortune, he refused to sign a contract to receive money for the last third of the forest.
All salaries were paid for household expenses and for the payment of small non-transferable debts.
There was no money at all.
It was unpleasant, embarrassing, and shouldn't have continued like this, according to Stepan Arkadjić.
The reason, in his view, was that he received too little salary.
The place he occupied was obviously very good five years ago, but now it wasn't.
Petrov, the bank &apos; s director, received 12,000; Swentitski, a member of society, received 17,000; Mitin, who founded the bank, received 50,000.
"I obviously fell asleep, and I was forgotten," thought of myself as Stepan Arkadych. And he started listening, looking, and by the end of the winter, he looked at a very good place and led an attack on it, first from Moscow, through aunts, uncles, buddies, and then, when the case was ripe, he went to Petersburg himself in the spring.
It was one of those places that now, all the size, from a thousand to fifty thousand a year of salary, became more than there were previously warm bribing places; it was a member of a commission of a connected South Railway and Banking Agency's credit and balance sheet.
This place, like all such places, required so much knowledge and activity that it was difficult to unite in one person.
And since there was no one connecting these qualities, it was better to have an honest man take the place than an dishonest man.
And Stepan Arkadić was not only an honest man, but he was an honest man (with a blow), with the special meaning that the word has in Moscow when they say: an honest person, an honest writer, an honest magazine, an honest institution, an honest direction, and which not only means that man or institution is not dishonest, but they are also capable of letting the government into a stilet.
Stepan Arkadić was spinning in Moscow in the circles where the word was introduced, considered to be an honest man there, and therefore had more rights than others to this place.
It gave a place of between seven and ten thousand a year, and Oblonsky could occupy it without leaving his place of execution.
It depended on two ministries, one lady, and two Jews; all of them, though they had already been prepared, had to be seen by Stepan Arkadiych in Petersburg.
In addition, Stepan Arkadič promised sister Anna to obtain a strong answer from Karenin about the divorce.
And after asking Dolly for fifty rubles, he went to Petersburg.
While sitting in Karen's office and listening to his project on the causes of Russian finances, Stepan Arkadych waited only for minutes to come to talk about his case and about Anna.
'Yes, that is very true,' he said, when he took off the pince-nez without which he couldn't read now and looked at the former brother-in-law questionably -- that is very true in detail, but the principle of our time is freedom.
'Yes, but I am presenting another principle that embraces the principle of freedom,' said Alexis Alexandrovich, hitting the word "capture" and putting on pince-nez again to read back to the listener the place where it was said.
And when he recaptured a beautiful manuscript with huge fields, he read again a convincing place.
'I do not want a tread system not for the benefit of individuals, but for the common good -- and for the lower classes and the upper classes alike --' he said, looking over pince-nez at Oblonsky. 'But they can't understand it, they're only concerned with personal interests, and they're attracted to phrases.
Stepan Arkadič knew that when Karenin began to talk about what they were doing and thinking, the very ones who did not want to accept his projects and were the cause of all evil in Russia, which was now close to the end; and therefore willingly abandoned the principle of freedom now and quite accepted.
Alexei Alexandrovich shut up, turning his manuscript thoughtfully.
'Oh, by the way,' said Stepan Arkadić, 'I wanted to ask you, when you see Pomorski, to say a word to him that I would very much like to take the opening seat of a commission member from a connected South-rail credit and balance agency.
Stepan Arkadiyich's name of this place, so close to his heart, was used to it, and he, without mistake, quickly talked him out.
Alexei Alexandrovich asked what the work of this new commission was and thought about it.
He wondered if there was anything contrary to his projects in the work of this commission.
But since this new institution's activities were very complex and the projects hugged it in a very large area, he couldn't understand it right away and, by filming pince-nez, said:
'No doubt I can tell him; but why do you really want to take this place?
'The complaint is good, up to 9,000, and my funds are...'
'Nine thousand,' he repeated and frowned. The high number of these salaries reminded him that, on this side, Stepan Arkadiyić &apos; s alleged activities were contrary to the basic meaning of his projects, which had always focused on savings.
'I find it, and I wrote a note about it, that these huge salaries these days are the essence of the signs of the false economic assiette of our administration.
'What do you want? 'Stepan Arkadić said.' 'Well, let's say the bank director gets ten thousand,' because he's worth it.
Or the engineer is... 20 grand.
It's a living thing, whatever you want!
'I believe that a salary is a fee for a commodity, and it must be subject to the law of demand and offer.
If, on the other hand, the award of a salary deviates from this law, as, for example, when I see two engineers leaving the institute, both equally knowledgeable and capable, and one receives 40,000, and the other is satisfied with 2,000; or that the directors of public banks are determined with a huge salary of legal scholars, Gusars with no special details, I conclude that the salary is not prescribed by law by demand and offer, but directly by face.
There is an abuse that is important in itself and harmful in the public service.
I suppose...
Stepan Arkadić rushed to kill his son-in-law.
'Yes, but you agree that a new, undoubtedly useful institution is being opened.
Whatever you want, it's a living thing!
It is especially important that the matter be handled with honesty,' said Stepan Arkadić, with a blow.
But the Moscow meaning of honesty was not clear to Alexey Alexandrovich.
'The honesty is only a negative characteristic,' he said.
'But you will do me a great favor after all,' said Stepan Arkadić, 'by putting out a word on the sea. Okay, between you and me...
'It depends more on Bolgarin, I think,' said Alexi Alexandrovich.
'The Bulgarians, for their part, agree perfectly,' said Stepan Arkadić, blushing.
Stepan Arkadić blushed when he mentioned Bolgarin because he was with the Jew Bolgarin on the same day, and this visit left a unpleasant memory in him.
Stepan Arkadič knew firmly that the case he wanted to serve was a new, alive and honest one; but this morning, when Bulgarians apparently deliberately forced him to wait two hours with other applicants in the reception room, he suddenly became uncomfortable.
Whether he was embarrassed that he, the descendant of Rürik, Prince of Oblon, was waiting for two hours in the reception room of a Jew, or that for the first time in his life he did not follow the example of an ancestor, serving the government, but performed a new assignment, but he felt very uncomfortable.
In these two hours of waiting for Bolgarin, Stepan Arkadić, walking around the reception room in combat, circling the buckenbards, talking to other applicants, and inventing a kalambur, which he will tell about how he waited at the Jew's house, carefully hiding his feelings from others and even from himself.
But all this time, he was embarrassed, and he didn't know why, because nothing came out of the galley: "It was up to the Jew, and I waited," or something else.
When Bolgarin finally accepted him with extraordinary courtesy, apparently celebrating his humiliation, and almost refused him, Stepan Arkadić hastened to forget it as soon as possible. And now that I remember, I'm blushing.
'Now I have another case, and you know what it is. "Anna," he said, with a little silence and a bit of a distasteful impression, Stepan Arkadych.
As soon as Oblonsky pronounced Anna's name, Alexei Alexandrovich's face changed completely: Instead of the former recovery, he expressed fatigue and death.
'What exactly do you want from me?' 'As he rotated on the chair and latched his pince-nez,' he said.
'The solutions, some decisions, Alexis Alexandrovich.
I'm talking to you now (not as an insulted husband," I wanted to say, Stepan Arkadych, but in fear of ruining the case, I replaced it with the words:) not as a public man (which turned out to be inconvenient), but simply as a man and a good man and a Christian.
You must pity her,' he said.
'I mean, what is it, exactly?' 'Silently said Karenin.
'Yes, to pity her.
If you saw her as I did, 'I spent the whole winter with her,' you would feel sorry for her.
Her situation is awful, it's awful.
'I thought, 'Alexei Alexandrovich answered with a thinner, almost squealing voice,' that Anna Arkadievna had everything she wanted.
'Ah, Alexis Alexandrovich, for God's sake, let's not make any recruitments!
What's gone is gone, and you know what she wants and expects -- a divorce.
'But I thought Anna Arkadievna was refusing to divorce if I demand that I keep my son.'
That's what I said, and I thought it was over.
And I think it's over, 'Alexei Alexandrovich pushed it up.
'But, for God's sake, don't get hot,' said Stepan Arkadić, touching his son-in-law's knee. 'It is not over.
If you let me repitulate, it was like, when you broke up, you were as big as you could be; you gave her everything -- freedom, divorce, even.
She appreciated it.
No, don't think about it.
Exactly.
To the extent that in these first moments she felt guilty about you, she didn't think about it and couldn't think about it.
She gave up everything.
But reality, time has shown that her situation is painful and impossible.
'Anna Arkadievna's life cannot be of interest to me,' interrupted Alexandrovich by raising his eyebrows.
'Let me not believe,' said Stepan Arkadić softly. 'The position of her is painful for her and without any benefit to anyone.
She deserves it, you tell him.
She knows it, and she doesn't ask you; she says she doesn't dare ask for anything.
But I, we're all family, all those who love her, beg you.
What's she suffering for?
Who's better off?
'Let me, you seem to put me in the position of accused,' said Alexi Alexandrovich.
'No, no, no, no, no, you understand me,' said Stepan Arkadych again, touching his hand, as if he was convinced that this touch softened his son-in-law. 'I only say one thing: Her condition is painful, and it can be lightened by you, and you will not lose anything.'
I'll set you up so hard, you won't notice.
Because you promised.
'The promise was made before. And I thought the question of my son was settled.
In addition, I had hoped that Anna Arkadievna would have the generosity of... &quot;..with a hard time shaking his lips, the radiant Alexandrovich spoke.
'She gives everything to your generosity.'
She asks, begs for one thing -- to get her out of the impossible situation she is in.
She's not asking for her son anymore.
Alexei Alexandrovich, you're a kind man.
Come into her position for a moment.
The question of divorce for her, in her situation, is that of life and death.
If you hadn't promised before, she'd have made up her mind, lived in a village.
But you promised, she wrote to you and moved to Moscow.
And here in Moscow, where every meeting of a knife in her heart, she lives for six months, waiting every day for a decision.
'Cause it's like holding a death row for months with a noose around his neck, promising maybe death, maybe a pardon.
Have mercy on her, and then I'm gonna do this...
Vos scrupules...
'I'm not talking about it, I'm not talking about it, I'm talking about it...' sluttyly interrupted him by Alexi Alexandrovich. 'But maybe I promised something I had no right to promise.'
'So you deny what you promised?'
'I have never refused to do what is possible, but I wish to have time to reflect on how possible the promise is.
'No, Alexis Alexandrovich! 'Oblonsky spoke, jumping up,' I do not want to believe it!
She's as unhappy as a woman can be, and you can't refuse such a...
'As much as the promise is possible.
Vous profesez d'etere un libre penseur. But as a man of faith, I cannot do such an important thing against Christian law.
'But in Christian societies and as far as I know, divorce is permitted,' said Stepan Arkadić. 'The divorce is also allowed to our church.
And we see...
'Accepted, but not in that sense.
'Alexei Alexandrovich, I don't recognize you,' said Oblonsky, silently. 'Aren't you (and we didn't appreciate it?) Everything forgave and, driven by a Christian sense, was willing to sacrifice everything?
You said it yourself: give me the kaftan when you take the shirt, and now...
'I beg you,' said Alexi Alexandrovich, suddenly getting up on his feet, pale and shaking with his jaw, with a loud voice. 'I ask you to stop, stop... this conversation.'
'Oh, no!
Well, I'm sorry if I upset you,' said Stepan Arkadić in a confused smile, reaching out my hand, 'but I, as an ambassador, was only passing on my mission.
Alexei Alexandrovich gave his hand, thought and said,
'I have to think and look for directions.
The day after tomorrow, I will give you a decisive answer,' he said, after thinking of something.
Stepan Arkadič wanted to leave when Corney came to report:
'Oh, Sergei Alexeic!
'Who is Sergei Alexeic?' 'Stepán Arkadić began, but immediately remembered.'
'Ah, Serezha!' he said. --Sergei Alexeic, I thought the director of the department.
"Anna asked me to see him," he remembered.
And he remembered that shy, pathetic expression with which Anna, when she letting him go, said, "You'll see him.
Find out where he is, who he is.
And, Steve... if only I could!
Isn't it possible?"
Stepan Arkadić understood what it meant to be "if possible" -- if it was possible to divorce her so that she could give her son...
Now Stepan Arkadič saw that there was nothing to think about, but it was good to see his nephew.
Aleksey Alexandrovich reminded the brother-in-law that his son was never told about his mother and that he asked him not to mention her.
'He was very sick after that date with his mother, which we did not watch before,' said Alexis Alexandrovich. 'We were afraid even for his life.
But reasonable treatment and bathing in the summer corrected his health, and now, on the doctor's advice, I've taken him to school.
Indeed, the influence of fellow believers has had a good effect on him, and he is perfectly healthy and well - trained.
'That's a good one!
And it wasn't Serezha, it was Sergei Alexeich who smiled, said Stepan Arkadych, looking at the boyo and the beautiful big boy in the blue jacket and the long pantalons.
The boy looked healthy and funny.
He bowed to his uncle like a stranger, but when he knew him, he blushed and, as if angry and angry with something, turned away from him in haste.
The boy approached his father and gave him a note of the points received at the school.
'Well, that's decent,' said my father, 'you can go.
'He has lost weight and grew up and is no longer a child, but he has become a boy; I love it,' said Stepan Arkadić. 'Do you remember me?
The boy quickly looked back at his father.
'I remember, Mon on the table,' he answered, looking at his uncle, and he was drowning again.
My uncle called the boy and took his hand.
'Well, how are you?' 'He said, wanting to talk and not knowing what to say.'
The boy, blushing and not answering, carefully drew his hand out of his uncle's hand.
As soon as Stepan Arkadić released his hand, he walked out of the room as a freebird, looking at his father in question.
It's been a year since Serezha last saw her mother.
Since then, he's never heard of her again.
And that same year, he was given up to school and recognized and fell in love with his comrades.
Those dreams and memories of his mother that made him sick after her date no longer occupied him.
When they came, he was trying to drive them away, considering them to be ashamed and unique only to girls, not to a boy and a companion.
He knew that there was an argument between his father and his mother that separated them, knew that he was destined to stay with his father, and he tried to get used to that thought.
Seeing an uncle like his mother, he was uncomfortable because it caused him the very memories that he thought he was ashamed of.
It was all the more unpleasant to him because, according to some of the words he heard waiting at the door of the office, and especially by the expression of his father's and uncle's face, he knew that the mother was to be the subject of a conversation between them.
And in order not to condemn the father with whom he lived and upon whom he depended, and above all not to be sensitive, which he considered to be so humiliating, Serezha tried not to look at this uncle who came to disturb his calm or to think of what he reminded him of.
But when Stepan Arkadić, who followed him, saw him on the stairs, called him and asked him how he spent time in school between classes, Serezha, out of his father's presence, talked to him.
'We now have a railway,' he replied, answering his question. 'You can see that: two are going to the shop. They're passengers.
And one becomes standing on a shop.
And everybody's jamming up. You can use your hands, you can use your belts, and you can go through all the halls.
The doors are already opening up.
Well, it's hard to be a conductor!
'Is this the one standing? 'Stepan Arkadić asked, smiling.'
'Yes, it takes courage and skill, especially as soon as they stop or fall.'
'Yes, it is not a joke,' said Stepan Arkadych, sad to look into these lively, motherly eyes, no longer childish, no longer completely innocent.
And even though he promised Alexey Alexandrovich he wouldn't talk about Anna, he couldn't bear it.
'Do you remember your mother? 'And suddenly he asked.'
'No, I don't remember,' said Serezha quickly, and, blushing red, he humbled himself.
And the uncle couldn't get anything from him anymore.
Slavic guverner found his son on the stairs half an hour later and couldn't figure out for a long time whether he was angry or crying.
'Well, did you get hurt when you fell?' 'The governer said.' 'I said it was a dangerous game.
And I have to tell the principal.
'If it had, no one would have noticed.' That's probably it.
'Well, what is it?'
'Leave me alone!
I don't remember... what does he care?
Why would I remember?
Leave me alone!-- he turned to the world, not the governer.
Stepan Arkadič, as always, did not spend any time in Petersburg.
In Petersburg, apart from matters: divorce of his sister and place, he, as always, needed to freshen up, as he said, after Moscow's dungeon.
Moscow, despite its cafes chantants and Omnibuses, was still a standing swamp.
That's what Stepan Arkadych always felt.
When he lived in Moscow, especially in close proximity to his family, he felt that he was losing his spirit.
After a long journey in Moscow, he reached the point where he began to worry about his wife's bad attitude and reproach, his health, his children's upbringing, his small interests in his service; even his debts bothered him.
But all you had to do was come and live in Petersburg, in the circle in which he was spinning, where he lived, live, not live like Moscow, and immediately all these thoughts disappeared and melted like wax on the face of fire.
Wife?
Now he's the only one who's spoken to Prince Chechnya.
Prince Chechnya had a wife and a family of grown-up children, and there was another illegal family with children.
Although the first family was good, the Prince of Chechnya felt happier in the second family.
And he took his eldest son to the second family and told Stepan Arkadyich that he found it useful and developing for his son.
What would they say in Moscow?
Kids?
In Petersburg, children did not stop their fathers from living.
Children were raised in institutions, and this was not the case in Moscow -- Lviv -- for example, the wild notion that children have the luxury of life and parents have the same work and care.
It was understood here that a person is obliged to live for himself, as an educated person is to live for himself.
Service?
The service here, too, was not the tenacious, hopeless strap that was pulled in Moscow; there was interest in the service.
A meeting, a favor, a good word, a good way to represent things in people's faces -- and a man suddenly made a career like the Bryans who was met yesterday by Stepan Arkadić and who was the first snooper now.
This service was interesting.
In particular, Peterburg's view of money matters calmed down Stepan Arkadyić.
Bartnyansky, who lived at least fifty thousand in the train he was driving, said a wonderful word about it yesterday.
Before lunch, when he spoke, Stepan Arkadych said to Bartnyan,
'You seem close to Mordwinsky; you can do me a favor, please tell him for me a word.'
There's a place I'd like to take.
A member of the agency...
'Well, I still don't remember... what kind of hunt do you have for this Jew train business?'
Whatever you want, it's gross!
Stepan Arkadić did not tell him it was a living matter; Bartnyansky would not understand it.
'The money is needed, there is nothing to live.'
'You live, don't you?'
'I live, but I have debts.'
'What are you?
A lot? 'Bartninski said with condolence.'
'A lot, a thousand twenty.'
Bartnansky was having fun.
'Oh, happy man! 'He said.' 'I have a million and a half and nothing, and as you can see, you can still live!
And Stepan Arkadić did not speak alone, but he did see the justice of it.
Zhibahov had three hundred thousand debts, and not a penny after his soul, and he lived, and indeed!
Count Krivtsov's been on the stand for a long time, and he's been holding two.
Petrovsky lived five million years and lived the same way and even managed the finances and received twenty thousand wages.
But besides that, Petersburg was physically pleased to act on Stepan Arkadyić.
He got him young.
In Moscow, he sometimes looked at gray, fell asleep after lunch, pulled, step, hard breathing, entered the stairs, missed young women, didn't dance at balls.
In Petersburg, he always felt ten years of bone.
He experienced the same experience in Petersburg that he was told yesterday by the 60-year-old Prince of Oslo, Peter, who had just returned from abroad.
'We can't live here,' said Peter Oblonsky. 'You'll believe me, I spent the summer in Baden; well, right, I felt like a very young man.
I'm gonna see a young woman, and I'm gonna think...
Dinner, drink a little -- strength, awake.
He came to Russia, &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt;You don't believe it, &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt; &lt;i&gt;I wore a robe two weeks later, stopped dressing for lunch.
What a young man to think!
He's an old man.
Only the soul remains to be saved.
I went to Paris -- I did it again.
Stepan Arkadić felt exactly the same difference as Peter Oblonsky.
He was so down in Moscow that if he lived there for a long time, he would have come to what was good and to save his soul; but in Petersburg he felt like a decent man again.
The Princess Betsy Tverska and Stepan Arkadyić had a long, strange relationship.
Stepan Arkadić always jokingly looked after her and told her, also kidding, the most indecent things, knowing that she liked it the most.
The other day, after his conversation with Karenin Stepan Arkadić, when he came to see her, he felt so young that in this hilarious courtship and lies he had suddenly gone so far that he no longer knew how to get back, for unfortunately she had not only not liked her but hated him.
The tone was set because she liked him very much.
So he was already very happy to see Princess Soft, who ended their solitude with the two of them.
'Ah, and you are here,' she said, seeing him. 'Well, what is your poor sister?
You don't look at me like that,' she added. 'Now that everyone has attacked her, all those who are worse than her a hundred thousand times, I find what she has done perfectly.'
I can't forgive Vronsky for not letting me know when she was in Petersburg.
I'd go to her and with her everywhere.
Please tell her my love for me.
Well, tell me about her.
'Yes, her situation is hard,' she began to tell Stepan Arkadych, in the simpleness of heart, accepting the words of Princess Soft for a real coin, 'tell me about your sister.'
The Princess Soft immediately, by her habit, interrupted him and began to tell him herself.
'She has done what everyone else has done except me, but they have hidden it; but she did not want to deceive and did a fine thing.'
And I did even better because I left that half-wit your son-in-law.
Excuse me.
Everyone said he was smart, smart, alone I said he was stupid.
Now that he's reached out to Lydia Ivanovna and Landau, everyone's saying he's delusional, and I'd love to disagree with everyone, but this time I can't.
'Would you please explain to me,' said Stepan Arkadić, 'what does that mean?
I was with him yesterday on his sister's case and I asked for a strong answer.
He didn't give me an answer, and he said he'd think, and this morning I got an invitation to this evening to Countess Lydia Ivanovna.
'Well, well! 'The Princess of Soft spoke with joy.' 'They will ask Landau what he will say.
'How's Landau?
Why?
What is Landau?
'How, do you not know Jules Landau, le faméux jules Landau, le clair-voyant?
He's half-wit, too, but your sister's fate depends on him.
That's what happens from life in the province, you don't know anything.
Landau, you see, the comis was at a store in Paris and came to see a doctor.
At the doctor's office, he fell asleep and gave advice to all the sick in his sleep. And amazing advice.
Then Yuri Meledinsky -- you know, sick? 'The wife found out about Landau and took him to her husband.
He's treating her husband.
And he didn't do anything to help him, I think, because he's just as relaxed, but they believe in him and take him with them.
And they brought him to Russia.
This is where everyone attacked him, and he started treating everyone.
The Countess of Toothless was cured, and she loved him so much that she adopted him.
'How did you adopt?
'Okay, adopted.
He's not Landau anymore, but Count Toothless.
But it's not that, but Lydia -- I love her very much, but she's not in the right place, &apos; of course, she's now on this Landau, and without him, she and Alexey Alexandrovich have nothing to do with it, and so your sister &apos; s fate is now in the hands of this Landau, otherwise Count Bezubowa.
After a beautiful meal and a large amount of cognac drinking at Bartnyansky's, Stepan Arkadić, only a little late against the appointed time, entered the Countess Lydia Ivanovna.
'Who else is with the Countess?'
French? 'Ask Stepan Arkadych of the doorman, looking around at Alexey Alexandrovich's familiar coat and a strange, naive coat with clamps.'
'Alexei Alexandrovich Karenin and Count Bezubov,' answered the doorman strictly.
"The Princess of Softland guessed," thought Stepan Arkadych, entering the stairs. 'That's weird!
However, it would be good to get close to her.
She has a huge influence.
If she says a word on the sea, that's right."
It was still quite bright in the yard, but in the small living room of Countess Lydia Ivanovna with the curtains down, the lamps were already on fire.
At the round table, the Countess and Alexis Alexandrovich were sitting under the lamp, talking quietly about something.
A short, thin man with a woman's pelvis, with knee-chambered legs, very pale, handsome, with shiny beautiful eyes and long hair lying on his jacket's collar, stood at the other end, looking around the wall with portraits.
After he said hello to his mistress and to Alexei Alexandrovich, Stepan Arkadyić took an involuntary look at another stranger.
'Monsieur Landau! 'The Countess approached him with gentleness and caution.
And she introduced them.
Landau quickly looked back, came up and, smiling, put a fixed sweaty hand in Stepan Arkadyich's extended hand and immediately went back and looked at the portraits.
The Countess and Alexis Alexandrovich had a great deal of eye contact.
'I am very pleased to see you, especially today,' said Countess Lydia Ivanovna, telling Stepan Arkadyich to sit beside Karenin.
'I introduced you to him as Landau,' she said in a quiet voice, looking at the Frenchman and then immediately at Alexei Alexandrovich, 'but he is indeed Count Toothless, as you probably know.
Only he doesn't like that title.
'Yes, I heard,' said Stepan Arkadić, 'they say he has healed the Countess Toothless completely.
'She was with me today, she is so pathetic! 'The Countess approached Alexei Alexandrovich. 'The separation is terrible for her.
It's such a blow to her!
'Is he going well?' 'Alexei Alexandrovich asked.'
'Yes, he is going to Paris.
He heard a voice yesterday,' said Countess Lydia Ivanovna, looking at Stepan Arkadyić.
'Ah, voice!' repeated Oblonsky, feeling the need to be as careful as possible in this society, where something special is happening or should be happening, to which he does not yet have the key.
There was a minute of silence, after which the Countess Lydia Ivanovna, as if to enter into the main subject of the conversation, said with a subtle smile to Oblonsky,
'I've known you for a long time and I'm very pleased to know you.
Les amis de nos amis son nos amis.
But in order to be a friend, you have to think into your friend's soul, and I'm afraid you don't do that to Alexei Alexandrovich.
You know what I'm talking about,' she said, raising her beautiful thoughtful eyes.
'In part, Countess, I understand that the position of Alexei Alexandrovich...' said Oblonsky, not understanding well what the matter is, and therefore wanting to remain in general.
'The change is not on the outside,' said the Countess Lydia Ivanovna strictly, while keeping an eye on the in love with him who came up and went to Landau, Alexey Alexandrovich, 'his heart changed, he was given a new heart, and I am afraid that you did not fully reflect on the change that took place in him.
'I mean, in general terms, I can imagine this change.
We were always friendly, and now...' answered with a gentle eye to the Countess's eyes, said Stepan Arkadić, imagining which of the two ministers she was closer to knowing which of the two would have to ask her.
'The change that took place in him cannot weaken his feelings of love for his fellowman; on the contrary, the change that took place in him must increase love.
But I'm afraid you don't understand me.
Would you like some tea? 'She said, pointing her eyes at the footman who had given the tea on the tray.'
'Not exactly, Countess.
Of course, his misfortune...
'Yes, the misfortune that became the supreme happiness when the heart became new was fulfilled by it,' she said, looking in love at Stepan Arkadyich.
"I think it's okay to ask for both of them," thought Stepan Arkadić.
'Oh, of course, Countess,' he said, 'but I think these changes are so intimate that no one, even the most subtle person, likes to speak.
'On the contrary!
We have to talk and help each other.
'Yes, no doubt, but there is such a difference of opinion, and at the same time...' said Oblonsky with a soft smile.
'There can be no difference in the work of holy truth.
'Oh, yes, of course, but...' and, confusedly, Stepan Arkadych silenced himself.
He realized it was about religion.
'I think he's going to fall asleep,' said Alexi Alexandrovich with a great whisper, approaching Lydia Ivanovna.
Stepan Arkadić looked back.
Landau sat by the window, reclining on the handle and back of the chair, lowering his head.
When he noticed the looks on him, he lifted his head and smiled at him with a childish, naive smile.
'Ignore it,' said Lydia Ivanovna, and moved the chair to Alexei Alexandrovich by a light movement. 'I noticed...' she began something, as a footman came into the room with a letter.
Lydia Ivanovna quickly ran through the note and, after apologizing with extreme speed, wrote and answered and returned to the table. 'I noticed,' she continued with the conversation, 'that Moscowites, especially men, were the most indifferent to religion.
'Oh, no, Countess, I think Moscowites have a reputation for being the strongest,' answered Stepan Arkadić.
'Yes, it is my understanding that you are, unfortunately, out of a state of indifference,' said Alexis Alexandrovich with a tired smile, addressing him.
'How can you be indifferent! 'Said Lydia Ivanovna.'
'I am not indifferent to this relationship, but I am waiting,' said Stepan Arkadić, with his own relaxing smile. 'I do not think it is time for me to ask these questions.
Alexei Alexandrovich and Lydia Ivanovna have a look at each other.
'We can never know whether the time has come or not for us,' said Alexis Alexandrovich strictly. 'We must not think about whether we are ready or not: grace is not guided by human considerations; it sometimes does not go to workers and go to the unprepared, as it is to Saul.
'No, it seems not yet,' said Lydia Ivanovna, who was following the French movement at that time.
Landau stood up and approached them.
'Will you let me listen?' 'He asked.'
'Oh, yes, I didn't want to disturb you,' said Lydia Ivanovna, looking at him gently. 'Sit with us.'
'All you have to do is close your eyes so that you don't lose your light,' he continued.
'Oh, if only you knew the happiness we experience in feeling his eternal presence in your soul! 'The Countess Lydia Ivanovna said, smiling blissfully.
'But a man may feel unable to rise to this height at times,' said Stepan Arkadych, feeling that he was screaming with his soul, recognizing the religious height, but not willing to confess his freedom of thought before a special word across the sea can give him the desired space.
'So you're saying that sin prevents him?' 'Said Lydia Ivanovna.' 'But that is a false opinion.
There is no sin for the believers, and sin has already been redeemed.
"Pardon," she added, looking back at another footman's note.
She read it and said, "Tomorrow at the great princess's, tell me." 'It is no sin for a believer,' she continued the conversation.
'Yes, but faith without works is dead,' said Stepan Arkadić, remembering this phrase from Katehisis, with a smile already defending his independence.
'Here it is, from the apostle Jacob's message,' said Aleksey Alexandrovich, with some reproach toward Lydia Ivanovna, apparently as a matter of which they have spoken many times. 'How much damage has been done by the false interpretation of this place!
Nothing moves away from faith like that interpretation.
"I don't have anything to do, I can't believe," but it's not said anywhere.
It says the opposite.
'To work for God, for work, for fasting to save the soul,' said Countess Lydia Ivanovna with vile contempt, 'these are the wild notions of our monks...
Then it's not said anywhere.
It's a lot easier and easier, 'Pri-- she's looking at Oblonsky with the most encouraging smile she's been giving to young, embarrassed ladies in the court.
'We are saved by Christ, who has suffered for us.
'We are saved by faith' was confirmed by the look of her words.
--Vous comprenez l'anglais? 'I asked Lydia Ivanovna and, having received a positive answer, stood up and began to read the book. 'I want to read "Safe and Happy" or "Under the Wing"? 'She said, looking at Karenin in question.
And when she found the book, and sat again, she opened it. 'This is very short.
This describes the way in which faith is acquired, and happiness is superior to all the earth that fills the soul.
A man who believes cannot be unhappy because he is not alone.
You'll see. 'She was about to read as the footman entered again. 'Borozdin?'
Tell me, tomorrow at 2:00. 'Yes,' she said, placing her finger in the book and sighing at her with thoughtful, beautiful eyes. 'This is how true faith works.
Do you know Sanina Marie?
Do you know her misfortune?
She lost her only child.
She was desperate.
Well, what's it gonna be?
She found this friend, and she thanks God now for the death of her child.
This is the happiness of faith!
'Oh, yes, it is very...' said Stepan Arkadych, pleased with what they will read and let him remember a little.
"No, I guess it's better not to ask for anything today," he thought, "to get out of here without making a mistake."
'You will be bored,' said Countess Lydia Ivanovna to Landau, 'you do not speak English, but it is short.
'Oh, I understand,' said Landau with the same smile and closed his eyes.
Aleksey Alexandrovich and Lydia Ivanovna had a great deal of eye contact, and the reading began.
Stepan Arkadić felt completely perplexed by the strange speeches he heard.
The complexity of Peterburg &apos; s life in general had an effect on him, bringing him out of Moscow &apos; s stalemate; but he loved and understood those complications in areas, in his loved ones and in his acquaintances; in the same strange environment, he was perplexed, stunned, and couldn &apos; t hold anything.
Listening to Countess Lydia Ivanovna and feeling admirable, naive or pluto -- he himself did not know -- the eyes of Landau, Stepan Arkadić began to experience some particular weight in his head.
The most varied thoughts were confused in his head.
"Mary Sanina is happy that she has a child who has died...
I'd like to smoke now...
To save-- you just have to believe, and the monks don't know how to do it, but the Countess Lydia Ivanovna knows...
And why do I have such a burden in my head?
From cognac or because it's really weird?
I still don't seem to have done anything indecent.
But you can't ask her to.
They say they make you pray.
Whatever it is I'm forced to do.
It's gonna be too stupid.
And what nonsense she reads, and she speaks well.
Landau -- Toothless.
Why is it the Toothless?"
Suddenly, Stepan Arkadić felt that his lower jaw was inexhaustible.
He fixed the buckenbards by hiding the potion and shook up.
But after that, he felt that he was asleep and was going to snore.
He woke up the minute the Countess Lydia Ivanovna's voice said, "He's asleep."
Stepan Arkadić woke up terrifiedly, feeling guilty and guilty.
But immediately he was relieved to see that the words "he sleeps" did not refer to him, but to Landau.
The French fell asleep just like Stepan Arkadych.
But Stepan Arkadič's dream, he thought, would hurt them, he didn't think it was, everything seemed so strange to him, and Landau's dream made them very happy, especially Countess Lydia Ivanovna.
'Mon ami,' said Lydia Ivanovna, be careful not to make any noise by putting on the folds of her silk dress and, in the beginning, calling Karenina not Alexei Alexandrovich, but `mon ami' -- donnesz loi la Main.
Vous voyez?
Shh! 'She stitched up the footman who came in again.' 'Do not accept.
The Frenchman slept or pretended to sleep by sticking his head to the back of the chair, and with a sweaty hand lying on his knees, he made weak moves like he was catching something.
Alexey Alexandrovich got up, wanted to be careful, but, by sticking himself at the table, he came up and put his hand in the hand of the Frenchman.
Stepan Arkadych stood up and wide open his eyes, wanting to wake himself up, if he was asleep, looking at him, and at the other. It was all real.
Stepan Arkadić felt that his mind was getting worse and worse.
--Qué la personne qui est arrive la dernière, Celle qui demande, qu'elle sort!
Qu'elle sort! 'Said the French without opening his eyes.'
--Vous m'excuserez, mais vous voyez...
Revenez vers dix heures, encore mieux demain.
'Qu'elle sort!' repeated the French with impatience.
'C'est moi, n'est se pas?
And after receiving the affirmative answer, Stepan Arkadić, forgetting that he wanted to ask Lydia Ivanovna, forgetting his sister's case, with one desire to get out of here quickly, went out on chicks and, like from an infected house, ran out of the street and spent a long time talking and joking with the driver, wanting to make a quick sense of himself.
At the French theater he caught the last act, and then at the Tartar behind the champagne, Stepan Arkadić breathed a little in his own air. But that night, he was very uncomfortable.
When he returned home to Peter Oblonsky, who was staying with him in Petersburg, Stepan Arkadych found a note from Betsy.
She wrote to him that she very much wanted to finish the conversation and asked him to come tomorrow.
As soon as he could read the note and wrinkle over it, the heavy steps of people carrying something heavy were heard downstairs.
Stepan Arkadić went out to see.
It was the younger Peter Oblonsky.
He was so drunk that he could not enter the stairs; but he told himself to stand on his feet when he saw Stepan Arkadyich, and, clinging to him, went with him to his room, and there he told him about how he had spent the evening and fell asleep.
Stepan Arkadić was in a state of decline, which rarely happened to him, and he couldn't sleep for long.
Everything he remembered was nasty, but most of all, something embarrassing, he remembered the evening at the Countess Lydia Ivanovna.
On the other day, he received a positive rejection from Alexey Alexandrovich of Anna's divorce and realized that the decision was based on what the French had said yesterday in their real or fake dream.
In order to do something in family life, either a perfect division between the spouses or a lover's consent is necessary.
When the relationship between the spouses is uncertain and neither of them is present, no work can be done.
Many families remain in old places, shamed by both spouses, year after year, only because there is no complete dissension or agreement.
And in the heat and dust of Moscow, when the sun was no longer in spring, but in summer, and all the trees on the boulevards had long been in the leaves, and the leaves had already been covered with dust, they were insufferable; but they did not move to Vozvolensky, as had long been decided, continued to live in the cooled Moscow, because there had been no recent agreement between them.
The irritation that divided them had no external reason, and all attempts to explain not only did not eliminate but increased it.
It was an irritation of her inner heart, which gave her a reason to diminish his love, for him -- a regret that he put himself in a difficult position for her, which, instead of being relieved, makes it even more difficult.
Neither one of them gave reasons for their irritation, but they considered each other wrong and tried to prove it to each other on every pretext.
For her, all of him, with all of his habits, thoughts, desires, all of his mental and physical storage, was one thing -- love for women, and that love, which she felt should be all focused on her alone, that love diminished; therefore, according to her belief, he should have moved part of his love to others or to another woman -- and she was jealous.
She was jealous of him not to any woman, but to diminish his love.
Without yet an object of jealousy, she was looking for him.
By the slightest hint, she was moving her jealousy from one subject to another.
She was jealous of the rude women with whom, thanks to his single relationship, he was so easily able to enter into contact; she was jealous of the secular women he could meet; she was jealous of the imaginary girl he wanted to break up with her and marry her.
And this last jealousy was most painful to her, especially because he himself unsuddenly told her in a frank moment that his mother understood him so little that she allowed herself to persuade him to marry Princess Forty.
And when she was jealous of him, Anna became angry with him, and sought out every cause of indignation.
Whatever was difficult in her situation, she blamed him.
The excruciating state of expectation that she had lived between heaven and earth in Moscow, the slowness and indecisiveness of Alexei Alexandrovich, and her solitude -- she attributed everything to him.
Had he loved him, he would have understood the gravity of her situation and driven her out of him.
It was his fault that she lived in Moscow, not in the village.
He couldn't live in the village as she wanted.
He needed society, and he put it in this terrible position, the gravity of which he did not want to understand.
And again, it was his fault that she was forever separated from her son.
Even the few moments of tenderness that came between them did not calm her: now she saw in his tenderness a shade of tranquillity, of certainty which had not been before, and which had annoyed her.
It's been twilight.
Anna alone, waiting for him to return from the blank dinner he went to, walked back and forth in his office (a room where the noise of the bridge was less heard) and in all the details re-thinked the words of yesterday's quarrel.
Going back from the remembrance of the offensive words of the dispute to what was their cause, she finally got to the beginning of the conversation.
For a long time, she could not believe that the division would begin with such a harmless, intimate conversation.
It really was.
It all started with him laughing at women's gymnasiums, considering them unnecessary, and she stood up for them.
He disrespected women's education in general and said that Gunna, a patronised English woman, did not need the knowledge of physics at all.
It pissed Anna off.
She saw a contemptible hint in her class. And she came up with a phrase that would pay him back for her pain.
'I do not expect you to remember me, my feelings, as a loving person may remember them, but I expected just sensitivity,' she said.
And indeed, he blushed with anger and said something unpleasant.
She didn't remember what she said to him, but only here he, apparently with a desire to hurt her, said,
'I'm not interested in your addiction to this girl, that's true, because I can see it isn't natural.
This cruelty of him, with which he destroyed the world, so hard built by him to carry on his hard life, this injustice of him, with which he accused her of faking, of being impersonal, blew her up.
'I am very sorry that one rude and material thing is understandable and natural to you,' she said, and left the room.
When he came to her last night, they didn't remember an ex-fight, but they both felt that the fight was broken, not gone.
He wasn't home all day today, and she was so lonely and hard to feel at odds with him that she wanted to forget everything, to forgive and to make peace with him, to blame herself and to justify him.
"It's my fault. I'm annoying, I'm senselessly jealous.
I'll make peace with him, and we'll go to the village, and I'll be calmer there," she said to herself.
'Unnaturally,' she remembered, suddenly, the word that insulted her was not so much a word as an intention to hurt her.
"I know what he wanted to say; he wanted to say, "unnaturally, not loving his daughter, loving someone else's child.
What does he know about love for children, about my love for Serezha, which I sacrificed for him?
But this desire to hurt me!
No, he loves another woman, it can't be different."
And when she saw that, in order to calm herself, she had made so many rounds again and returned to her previous irritation, she was horrified at herself.
"Can't you?
Can't I take over? 'She said to herself, and started again.' 'He's true, he's honest, he loves me.
I love him, there'll be a divorce the other day.
What else do you need?
I need calm, trust, and I'll take over.
Yeah, now that he's here, I'll tell him it was my fault, even though it wasn't my fault, and we'll leave."
And in order not to think any more or to be irritated, she called and told me to put the chests in the village.
At ten o'clock, he arrived.
'Well, was it fun?' 'She asked, with a guilty and mild expression on her face, to meet him.'
'As usual,' he answered, immediately with one look at her, realizing that she was in one of her good positions.
He was already used to these transitions and was especially pleased with him today because he himself was in the best position of spirit.
'What I see!
That's good!-- he said pointing at the chests in the front.
'Yes, we must go.'
I went for a ride, and it was so good that I wanted to go to the village.
There's nothing stopping you, is there?
'I wish only one thing.'
I'm gonna come and talk to you, but I'm gonna change.
Have some tea.
And he went into his office.
There was something offensive about him saying, "That's good," as the child was told when he stopped being cranky; and even more offensive was the contrast between her fault and his self-confident tone; and she felt for a moment an increasing desire to fight; but by making an effort at herself, she suffocated him and met him with the same fun.
When he went out to see her, she told him, in part, the words she had written, her day, and her plans to leave.
'You know, I was almost inspired,' she said. 'Why wait for a divorce here?'
Isn't it still in the village?
I can't wait any longer.
I don't want to hope, I don't want to hear about the divorce.
I decided it would no longer have an impact on my life.
And you agree?
'Yes!' he said, looking with concern at her agitated face.
'What were you doing there, who was there? 'She said, silently.'
Wronsky called the guests. 'Dinner was beautiful, and the boat race, and it was all nice, but in Moscow they can't without the Ridicule.
There was a lady, a Swedish queen's swim teacher, and she showed her art.
'How? Swimming? 'Hurrying,' asked Anna.
'In some red costum de nationality, old, ugly.'
So when do we go?
'What a stupid fantasy!
Well, does she swim in particular? 'Not answering,' said Anna.
'Surely nothing special.'
That's what I'm saying, it's stupid.
So when do you think you're going?
Anna shook her head like she wanted to drive away an unpleasant thought.
'When shall I go?'
The sooner the better.
We won't be able to make it tomorrow. The day after tomorrow.
'Yes... no, wait.
The day after Sunday, I have to be at my maman's,' he said, confused, because as soon as he said his mother's name, he felt a very suspicious look at himself.
His confusion confirmed her suspicion.
She flashed up and stepped away from him.
Now, it was not the Swedish Queen's teacher, but Princess 40ina, who lived in the suburban village with the Countess of Vronska, who introduced herself to Anna.
'Can you go tomorrow? 'She said.'
'No, it isn't!
In a case in which I'm going, there's no power of attorney or money tomorrow,' he replied.
'If so, we will not leave at all.
'Why not?
'I won't go later.
Monday or never!
'Why not?' 'It was astounding to say the words of Vronsky.' 'Cause that doesn't make any sense!
'It doesn't make sense to you because you don't care about me.
You don't want to understand my life.
One thing I've been busy with here is Gunna. You're saying it's a fake.
You said yesterday that I don't love my daughter, but I pretend I love this English woman, that it's not natural; I'd like to know what kind of life I can live here!
For a moment, she woke up and was terrified of what had changed her mind.
But knowing that she was ruining herself, she couldn't abstain, couldn't-- couldn't not show him how wrong he was, could not submit to him.
'I never said that; I said I wasn't sympathetic to this sudden love.
'Why aren't you bragging about your honesty telling the truth?
'I never brag and never tell lies,' he said quietly, holding his anger up. 'It's too bad if you don't respect...'
'Respect was made up to hide the empty place where love must be.'
And if you don't love me anymore, it's better and more honest to say it.
'No, it is becoming unbearable! 'Screaming out of his chair.' And when he stood in front of her, he slowly said, "What are you testing my patience for?" 'He said, as if he could have said much more, but held back.' 'It has limits.
'What do you mean by that?' 'She cried with horror, looking at the clear expression of hatred that was in all faces, and especially in the cruel, fearsome eyes.'
'I mean...' he began, but stopped. 'I have to ask you what you want me to do.
'What can I want?
All I can want is for you not to leave me, as you think,' she said, understanding everything he hadn't told me. 'But that's not what I want, it's secondary.
I want love and it doesn't.
So it's over!
She went to the door.
'Wait!
Wait... wait!' said Vronsky, not to spread a dark fold of eyebrows, but to stop her by her hand. 'What's the matter?
I said I had to wait three days to leave, and you told me that I was lying, that I wasn't a fair man.
'Yes, and I repeat that the man who reproaches me, that he has sacrificed everything for me,' she said, recalling the words of the previous quarrel, 'that it is worse than a dishonest man, is a man without a heart.
'No, there are limits to patience!' he cried and quickly released her hand.
"He hates me, it's clear," she thought, silently, without looking back, by false steps, she left the room.
"He loves another woman, it's even clearer," she said to herself, entering her room. 'I want love, but it is not.'
So it's over,' she repeated her words, 'and we have to finish.'
"But how?" 'She asked herself and sat on the chair in front of the mirror.'
The thought of where she's going now -- whether the aunt she was raised with, Dolly, or just one abroad, and what he's doing now alone in the office, whether it's a final fight, or maybe still reconciliation, and that now she's gonna be talking about her all her peterburg former acquaintances, as Alexey Alexandrovich will look at it, and a lot of other thoughts about what's gonna happen now, after the breakup, that she's gonna get into her head, but she hasn't given it all her soul.
There was something in her heart that wasn't clear that she was only interested in, but she couldn't recognize her.
Thinking again of Alexei Alexandrovich, she also remembered the time of her illness after childbirth and the feeling that she had not left at the time.
"Why didn't I die?" 'Remember her then words and her senses at that time.'
And she suddenly realized what was in her soul.
Yeah, that was the idea that one allowed everything to happen.
"Yeah, die!"
"And the shame and shame of Alexei Alexandrovich and Serezi and my terrible shame are all saved by death.
To die -- and he'll repent, he'll regret, he'll love, he'll suffer for me."
With a strong smile of compassion for herself, she sat in a chair, taking off and putting on rings on her left hand, living on different sides of the picture of his feelings after her death.
The coming steps, his steps, entertained her.
As busy as putting her rings on, she didn't even turn to him.
He went up to her and took her hand, and quietly said,
'Anna, let's go the day after tomorrow, if you want.
I'll take it from here.
She didn't say anything.
'What is it? 'He asked.'
'You know it yourself,' she said, and at the same moment, she could not hold back any more, she cried.
'Throw me down, come on!' she cried between the tears. 'I will leave tomorrow...'
I'll do more.
Who am I? She's a depraved woman.
The stone on your neck.
I don't want to torture you, I don't!
I'll free you.
You don't love, you love someone else!
He begged her to calm down and said that there was no ghost of the basis for her jealousy, that he would never stop loving her, that he loved her more than ever.
'Anna, why so torment yourself and me? 'He said, kissing her hands.'
His face was now tender, and she felt as if she had heard in her ear the sound of tears in his voice and felt their moisture on her hand.
And Anna's instant desperate jealousy turned into desperate, passionate tenderness; she hugged him, covered him with kisses, his head, his neck, her hands.
Feeling that reconciliation was complete, Anna was busy preparing for her departure in the morning.
Although it was not decided whether they were going on Monday or Tuesday, because both of them had given up on one another yesterday, Anna was actively preparing to leave, feeling completely indifferent to the fact that they would leave the day before or after.
She stood in her room above the open chest, picking up things when he, already dressed, had entered her earlier than usual.
'I'm gonna go to the maman, and she can send me money through Egorov. And I am ready to go tomorrow,' he said.
As well as she was in the mood, the mention of a trip to her mother's house hit her.
'No, I won't be able to do it myself,' she said, and immediately she thought, 'It may have been possible to get settled to do as I wanted.' 'No, as you wish, do so.
Go to the dining room, I'll be right there, just picking up these unnecessary things,' she said, handing over to Annushka, who was already wearing a mountain of rags, something else.
Wronsky ate his beefsteak when she went out to the dining room.
'You wouldn't believe how these rooms got me,' she said, sitting beside him to her coffee. 'There is nothing worse than the chambres garnies.
No face in them, no soul.
This watch, the wardrobe, the wallpaper, it's a nightmare.
I think of Vozvolensky as a promised land.
You're not sending more horses?
'No, they will go after us.
Are you going anywhere?
'I wanted to go to Wilson. I'm gonna get her dresses.
So determined tomorrow? 'She said with a jolly voice; but suddenly her face changed.'
Vronsky's cameraman came to ask for a receipt for a telegram from Petersburg.
There was nothing special about getting the Vronskis, but he, as if he wanted to hide something from her, said that the receipt was in the office, and he rushed to her.
'Tomorrow I'll finish it all.'
'Who is it from?' 'She asked, without listening to him.'
'From Steve,' he answered reluctantly.
'Why didn't you show me?
What's the secret between Steve and me?
Vronsky turned the valet and told him to bring in the drapes.
'I didn't want to show you because Steve has a passion for telegraphing; so what about telegraphing when nothing is decided?'
'The divorce?'
'Yes, but he writes: Nothing has yet been accomplished.
The other day, I promised a strong answer.
Read it.
With her trembling hands, Anna took the trepidation and read the same thing that he said. At the end, it was added: there is little hope, but I will do everything I can and I will not.
'I said yesterday that I don't care at all when I get a divorce, and even if I get a divorce,' she said, red. 'There was no need to hide it from me.
"So he can hide and hide his correspondence with women from me," she thought.
'And Yaszwin wanted to come this morning with Voitov,' said Vronsky, 'it seems that he has won everything from the singer, and even more than what he can pay,' about 60,000.
'No,' she said, annoying that he was so clearly showing her that she was annoyed by this change of conversation, 'why do you think this news is so interesting to me that I should even hide it?
I said I didn't want to think about it, and I wish you wouldn't be as interested in it as I am.
'I am interested because I love clarity,' he said.
'The clarity is not in shape, but in love,' she said, increasingly annoying, not with words, but with the tone of the cold calm with which he spoke. 'What do you want this for?'
"Oh, my God, love again," he thought, wrinkling.
'You know for what reason: for you and for the children to come,' he said.
'There will be no children.
'It's very pathetic,' he said.
'You need this for the children, and you don't think of me? 'She said, forgetting completely and without hearing that he said, 'for you and for the children.'
The question of the possibility of having children was a long-standing and annoying.
His desire to have children was explained to her by the fact that he did not value her beauty.
'Oh, I said, for you.
Most of all for you, &quot; wrinkling, precisely for the pain, he repeated &quot; because I am sure that much of your irritation comes from uncertainty.
"Yeah, now he's stopped pretending, and there's all his cold hatred for me," she thought, not listening to his words, but looking awful at that cold and cruel judge who, teasing her, looked out of his eyes.
'The reason is not that,' she said, 'and I do not even understand how my, as you call it, irritation may be that I am completely in your power.
What is the uncertainty of the situation?
On the contrary.
'I am very sorry that you do not want to understand,' he interrupted her with perseverance to express his thoughts. 'The uncertainty is that you think I'm free.
'You can be perfectly calm about this,' she said, and turned away from him and started drinking coffee.
She picked up the cup by leaving the pinkie, and she carried it to her mouth.
After drinking a few throats, she looked at him, and the look on his face made it clear that he hated his hand, and the gesture, and the sound that she made with her lips.
'I don't care what your mother thinks and how she wants to marry you,' she said, putting a trembling hand on the cup.
'But that's not what we're talking about.
'No, that's what I'm talking about.
And believe me, a woman without a heart, whether she's an old woman or an old woman, your mother or a stranger, is not interesting to me, and I don't want to know her.
'Anna, I ask you not to speak with disrespect about my mother.
'A woman who does not know with her heart what her son's happiness and honor are, has no heart.
'I repeat my request not to speak in contempt of my mother, whom I respect,' he said, raising his voice and looking strictly at her.
She didn't answer.
Looking closely at him, at his face, at her hands, she remembered the details of yesterday's reconciliation scene and his passionate affections.
"These are the same kind of caress he's been wasting and he's gonna waste and he's gonna want to waste on other women!" 'I thought she did.'
'You don't love your mother.
It's all phrases, phrases and phrases!-- looking at him with hate, she said.
'And if that's the case, you have to...'
'I have to make up my mind, and I have decided,' she said and wanted to leave, but Yashvin entered the room at that time.
Anna said hello to him and stopped. Why, when she had a storm in her soul and felt that she was standing at the turn of life, which could have terrible consequences, why at that moment she had to pretend to be in front of someone else who would sooner or later learn everything -- she did not know; but immediately, having humbled herself with an internal storm, she sat down and spoke to the guest.
'Well, what's your business? Do you have a debt? 'She asked Yashwin.'
'Nothing; it seems that I will not get everything, but I must go to the earring.
When are you? 'Yashwyn said, poking around, looking at Bronski, and apparently guessing the quarrel that had occurred.'
'I think the day after tomorrow,' said Vronsky.
'You've been going for a long time, though.
'But now it is decisive,' said Anna, looking straight into the eye of the Vronski with a look that told him not to think about the possibility of-- the possibility of reconciliation.
'Aren't you sorry for this poor singer?' 'She continued her conversation with Yashvin.'
'I never asked myself, Anna Arkadievna, whether it was pathetic or not.
'Cause my fortune is here,' he showed on the side pocket, and now I'm a rich man; and now I'm going to go to the club and maybe go out to the beggar.
'Cause whoever sits with me wants to leave me without my shirt, and I want him.
Well, we're fighting, and that's a pleasure.
'Well, if you were married,' said Anna, 'how would your wife feel?
Yashwin laughed.
'Then I guess I didn't get married, and I never intended to.'
'And Helsingforce?' 'Bronsky said, when he entered into the conversation, and looked at Anna who smiled.'
When he saw her face, Anna's face suddenly accepted a cold, sharp expression, as if she had said to him, "It's not forgotten.
Same thing."
'Are you really in love?' 'She said to Yashwin.'
'Oh, my God! I don't know how many times!
But, you know, you can sit alone for cards, but you can always get up when the time comes for rendez-vous.
And I can make love, but I can't be late for the party tonight.
That's what I'm doing.
'No, I'm not asking about that, I'm asking about the real one. 'She wanted to say Helsingforce; but she didn't want to say the word that he said.
Voights came to buy a stallion; Anna stood up and left the room.
Before leaving the house, Wronsky went in to see her.
She wanted to pretend she was looking for something on the table, but, ashamed of pretending, she looked directly into his face with a cold look.
'What do you want? 'She asked him in French.
'Take the Ghambetta certificate, I sold it,' he said in a tone that was clearer than the words: 'I have no time to explain myself, nor will I lead to anything.'
"It was not my fault for her," he thought. 'If she wants to punish herself, tant pis pour elle.'
But when he left, he thought that she had said something, and suddenly his heart was moved by compassion for her.
'What, Anna? 'He asked.'
'I am nothing,' she answered with the same cold and calmness.
"Nothing, so tant pis," he thought, cold again, turned around and went.
When he came out, he saw in the mirror her face, pale, with shivering lips.
And he wanted to stop and say a comforting word to her, but his legs took him out of the room before he figured out what to say.
He spent the entire day outside the house, and when she arrived late in the evening, the girl told him that Anna Arkadievna had a headache and asked her not to come in.
There's never been a day in a fight.
This was the first time. And it wasn't a fight.
It was an obvious confession in total cooling.
How could you look at her the way he looked when he went into the room for a certificate?
To look at her, to see her heart burst with despair, and to walk away silently with that indifferent, calm face?
He didn't get cold with her, but he hated her because he loved another woman -- that was clear.
And remembering all the cruel words he had said, Anna made up other words that he evidently wanted and could tell her, and became more and more annoying.
"I can't hold you," he might have said. 'You can go wherever you want.
You didn't want to divorce your husband, probably to go back to him.
Come back.
If you need money, I'll give it to you.
How many rubles do you need?"
All the cruelst words a rude man could say, he told her in her imagination, and she did not forgive him as if he had actually said them.
"Didn't he just swear love yesterday, he's a true and honest man?
Have I not despaired many times in vain?" 'Then she spoke to herself.
All day long, with the exception of the trip to Wilson, which took her two hours, Anna spent doubting whether it was over or whether there was a hope of reconciliation and whether she should leave now or see him again.
She waited for him all day and night, walking into her room, ordering him to tell him that she had a headache, she wished to say, "If he comes despite the maid's words, then he still loves.
If it isn't, then it's over, and then I'll decide what to do."
In the evening, she heard the stopped knock of his wheelchair, his call, his steps, and his conversation with the girl: he believed what he had been told, didn't want to learn anything else, and went to his room.
So it was over.
And death, as the only way to restore love for her in his heart, to punish him, and to win the struggle that the wicked spirit in her heart was leading with him, was clearly and vividly presented to her.
Now it didn't matter whether or not to go to Vozvolensky, get or not to get a divorce from her husband, it was all unnecessary.
One thing you had to do was punish him.
When she poured herself a routine of opium and thought that it was only necessary to drink the entire stone to die, it seemed so easy and easy for her to think again with pleasure about how he would suffer, repent, and love her memory when it was too late.
She was lying in bed with her eyes open, staring at one candle on a blind crown of the ceiling, and on the exciting part of his shadow from the screen, and imagining how he would feel when she was gone and it would be only one memory for him.
"How could I say those cruel words to her? 'He will speak.' 'How could I leave the room without telling her anything?'
But now she's gone.
She left us forever.
She's there..."
Suddenly the shadow of the screen shaked, seized the entire carnival, the whole ceiling, and the other shadows on the other side ran to meet it; for a moment the shadows ran away, but then moved with a new speed, shook, merged, and everything became dark...
"Death!" 'She thought.'
And it was so terrible that she couldn't figure out where she was for a long time, and she couldn't find matches with shivering hands and light another candle instead of the one that was burned and dead.
"No, it's all about living!
Because I love him.
Because he loves me! "It was and will pass away," she said, feeling that the tears of joy of returning to life were flowing down her cheeks.
And to save herself from her fear, she rushed into his office.
He slept heavily in his office.
She approached him and looked at his face from above for a long time.
Now that he was asleep, she loved him so that when she saw him she could not hold back the tears of tenderness; but she knew that if he had woken up, he would have looked at her cold, conscious of his right eyes, and that, before telling him about her love, she would have had to prove to him how guilty he was before her.
Without waking him, she returned to her home and, after a second treatment of opium by morning, she fell asleep in a difficult, incomplete sleep during which she continued to feel.
In the morning, a terrible nightmare, repeated several times in her dreams prior to her contact with Wronski, appeared to her again and woke her up.
An old man with a cracked beard did something by leaning over iron, condemning pointless French words, and she, as always, felt a nightmare (which was his horror) that this man was ignoring her, but doing something terrible about her iron.
And she woke up in a cold sweat.
When she got up, she remembered yesterday as a fog.
"There was a fight.
There's been something that's happened several times.
I said I had a headache, and he didn't come in.
Tomorrow we go, we have to see him and get ready to leave,' she said to herself.
And when she found out he was in the office, she went to see him.
As she walked through the living room, she heard that the crew had stopped at the door, and when she looked out the window, she saw a carriage from which a young girl in a purple hat was hanging, ordering something from the ringing footman.
After the negotiations, someone went upstairs to the front, and next to the living room, they heard the steps of Vronski.
He took a quick step down the stairs.
Anna went to the window again.
So he went out without a hat on the porch and went to the carriage.
A young girl in a purple hat gave him a bag.
He said something to her when he smiled.
The carriage left; it quickly ran back up the stairs.
The fog in her soul suddenly vanished.
Yesterday's feelings, with new pain, had a heart condition.
She couldn't figure out how she could have humiliated herself before spending the whole day with him in his house.
She went into his office to announce her decision to him.
'This is 40in and her daughter who stopped by and brought me money and paper from the maman.
I couldn't get it yesterday.
How's your head, better? 'He said calmly, not wanting to see and understand the dark and solemn expression of her face.'
She stared silently at him standing in the middle of the room.
He looked at her, frowned for a moment and kept reading the letter.
She turned around and slowly left the room.
He could still have brought her back, but she reached the door, he kept quiet, and all he heard was the sound of a rolling piece of paper.
'Yes, by the way,' he said, while she was already at the door, 'we are going decisively tomorrow? Isn't that right?
'You, but not me,' she said, turning to him.
'Anna, it is impossible to live...'
'You, but not me,' she repeated.
'It is becoming unbearable!
'You'll... you'll regret it,' she said and went out.
Scared of the desperate expression with which those words had been spoken, he jumped up and wanted to run after her, but, when he remembered, sat down again and frowned upon his teeth.
This indecent, as he found it, threat of something annoyed him.
'I've tried everything,' he thought, 'there's one thing left to ignore,' and he started going to town and again to his mother, from whom he had to get a signature on the credentials.
She heard the sound of his steps in the office and the dining room.
He's staying at the living room.
But he didn't turn to her, he only ordered that Voight be released without him.
Then she heard the pram served, the door opened, and he came out again.
But then he went into the hay again, and someone ran upstairs.
It was the valet who ran into the forgotten gloves.
She walked up to the window and saw him not looking at his gloves and, touching his back, said something to him.
Then, without looking through the windows, he sat down in his usual position in a wheelchair, putting his foot on his leg, and by putting on his glove, he fled around the corner.
He's gone!
It's over!" 'Anna said to herself, standing by the window; and in response to this question, the impression of darkness in an extinct candle and a terrible dream, blending into one cold horror filled her heart.
"No, it can't be!" 'She cried out and, passing through the room, rang a strong call.'
She was so scared to be alone now that without waiting for a man to come, she went to meet him.
'Know where the Count went,' she said.
The man replied that the count had gone to the stables.
'They have ordered you to report that if you wish to leave, the stroller will be back in a moment.'
'All right.
Wait.
I'm gonna write you a note.
Send Michail a note to the stables.
Hurry up.
She sat down and wrote:
"It's my fault.
Come home, I have to explain.
For God's sake, I'm scared."
She sealed it and gave it to the man.
She was afraid of being alone now and following a man she left the room and went to the nursery.
"Well, that's not it, it's not him!
Where's his blue eyes, sweet and shy smile?" 'It was her first thought when she saw her chubby, curly little girl with black curly hair, instead of Serezha, whom she expected to see in her childhood when she was confused.
The girl, sitting by the table, clapping it hard and hard with a cork and looking at her mother pointlessly with two black eyes.
When she told the English woman that she was in good health and that she was leaving for the village tomorrow, Anna sat down with the girl and started spinning a cork from the countess in front of her.
But the loud, ringing laughter of the child and the movement that she had made her eyebrow reminded her so vividly that by keeping her crying, she got up and came out in haste.
"Is it really over?
No, it can't be,' she thought. 'He will return.
But how does he explain this smile to me, it's a recovery after he talked to her?
But he won't, but I will.
If I don't believe it, there's only one thing left for me, and I don't want it."
She looked at the watch.
It's been 12 minutes.
"Now he's got a note and he's going back.
Not long, ten more minutes...
But what if he doesn't come?
No, it can't be.
I don't want him to see me with my eyes crying.
I'm gonna go wash up.
Yeah, yeah, did I comb my hair or not?" 'She asked herself. I couldn't remember.
She felt her head with her hand.
"Yeah, I'm hairbrushed, but when, I don't really remember."
She didn't even believe her hand and came up to the hold to see if she was really haircut or not?
She was haircut and couldn't remember when she did it.
"Who's that?" 'She thought, looking in the mirror at an inflammated face with strangely shiny eyes looking at her.
"It's me," she suddenly realized, and looking back at herself, she suddenly felt his kisses and shuddered and moved her shoulders.
Then she raised her hand to her lips and kissed her.
"What is it, I'm going crazy," and she went to the bedroom where Annushka was cleaning the room.
'Annushka,' she said, standing in front of her and looking at the maid, not knowing what she would say.
'To Daria Alexandrovna you wanted to go,' said the maid, as she understood it.
'To Daria Alexandrovna?
Yeah, I'm gonna go.
"Fifteen minutes over there, fifteen minutes ago. He's on his way, he'll be on his way. 'She took out her watch and looked at it. 'But how could he leave me in this position?
How can he live without making peace with me?"
She walked up to the window and looked outside.
He could've been back by now.
But the calculation might have been wrong, and she started remembering when he left and counting the minutes.
While she went to the big watch to check on hers, someone came up.
Looking out the window, she saw his wheelchair.
But no one went to the stairs, and voices were heard downstairs.
It was a messenger who came back in a wheelchair.
She went to him.
'The Count has not been caught.
They left for the Nizhegorod road.
'What do you want?
What? 'She turned to the blushing, michaila, who had given her her note back.'
"He didn't get it," she remembered.
'Go with the same note to the village of Countess Wronsky, you know?
And immediately give me the answer,' she said to the messenger.
"What am I gonna do? 'She thought.' 'Yes, I'll go to Dolly, it's true, or I'll go crazy.
Yeah, I can still wire."
And she wrote to the child:
"I need to talk to you, come now."
After sending a telegram, she went to get dressed.
Already dressed and wearing a hat, she once again looked into the eyes of a fat, calm Annushka.
The obvious compassion was evident in these little gray eyes.
'Annushka, sweetheart, what do I do?' 'Screaming,' said Anna, lying helplessly on the chair.
'What's to worry about, Anna Arkadievna!
'Cause it happens.
You go, you'll settle down,' said the maid.
'Yes, I will go,' said Anna, remembering and getting up. 'And if there is a telegram without me, send it to Daria Alexandrovna...'
No, I'll be right back.
"Yeah, don't think we should do something, go, the most important thing is to leave this house," she said, horribly listening to the terrible cloth in her heart and rushing out and getting into the wheelchair.
'Where do you want me to go? 'Peter asked, before he sat on the goats.'
'To the Celebrity, to the Oblons.'
The weather was clear.
It's been raining a lot all morning, and now it's clear.
Iron roofs, pavement plates, naked bridges, wheels and skins, copper and crew iron -- all shiny in May's sun.
It was three hours and the busiest time on the streets.
Sitting in the corner of a dead stroller, slightly shaking with her squabbles on the quick motion of the gray, Anna saw her position very different from what she thought she was at home when the wheels were humming and the impressions were changing rapidly in the clean air.
Now the thought of death did not seem to her more fear - inspiring and clear, nor did death seem more inevitable.
Now she's blaming herself for the humiliation she went down to.
"I beg him to forgive me.
I submitted to him.
I found myself guilty.
Can't I live without him?"
And without answering the question of how she would live without him, she began reading signs.
"The store and the warehouse.
The tooth doctor.
Yeah, I'll tell Dolly everything.
She doesn't like Wronsky.
It's gonna hurt, it's gonna hurt, but I'm gonna tell her.
She loves me, and I will follow her advice.
I will not obey him; I will not allow him to raise himself.
Philipov, the pussy.
They say they're taking the dough to Petersburg.
The water is Moscow so good.
And mouse wells and pancakes."
And she remembered how long ago, when she was 17 years old, she went with her aunt to the Trinity.
"There's more on the horses.
Was it me with red hands?
How much of what I thought was so beautiful and unaffordable at the time became negligible, and what was then is now forever inaccessible.
Would I then believe that I could come to such humiliation?
How proud and pleased he will be to receive my note!
But I'll prove it to him...